Спасибо, что скачали книгу в бесплатной электронной библиотеке Royallib.ru: http://royallib.ru

Все книги автора: http://royallib.ru/author/Burgess_Antony.html

Эта же книга в других форматах: http://royallib.ru/book/Burgess_Antony/A_Clockwork_Orange.html

Приятного чтения!

A Clockwork Orange

by Anthony Burgess

Introduction

Anthony Burgess was born in Manchester in 1917 and is a graduate of the University there. After six years in the Army he worked as an instructor for the Central Advisory Council for Forces Education, as a lecturer in Phonetics and as a grammar school master. From 1954 till 1960 he was an education officer in the Colonial Service, stationed in Malaya and Brunei.

He became a full-time writer in 1960, though his first novel had been published four years earlier. A late starter in the art of fiction, he had spent his creative energy previously on music, and he has composed many full-scale works for orchestra and other media.

Anthony Burgess maintains his old interest in music and in linguistics, and these have conditioned the style and content of the novels he writes. Though he and his wife no longer live abroad, foreign travel remains a great source of inspiration. He has, to date, published many novels, a book on linguistics, and various critical works.

His other books in Penguin are “Inside Mr Enderby,” “Tremor of Intent” and “Nothing Like the Sun,” a story of Shakespeare’s love-life.

Part One

1

“What’s it going to be then, eh?”

There was me, that is Alex, and my three friends, that is Pete, Georgie, and Dim. Dim being really slow, and we sat in the Korova Milkbar making up our minds what to do with the evening, a cold dark winter night though dry. The Korova Milkbar was a milk-plus place, and you may, O my brothers, have forgotten what these places were like, things changing so quickly these days and everybody very quick to forget, newspapers not being read much either. Well, what they sold there was milk plus something else. They had no licence for selling liquor, but there was no law yet against adding some of the new things which they used to put into the old milk, so you could drink it with certain substances which would give you a nice quiet feeling for fifteen minutes admiring God and all His Holy Angels and Saints in your left shoe with lights bursting all over your brain. Or you could drink milk with knives in it, as we used to say, and this would sharpen you up and make you ready for a bit of trouble that night, and that was what we were drinking this evening I’m starting off the story with.

Our pockets were full of money, so there was no real need from the point of view of getting any more cash to hit some old man in an alley and watch him bleed while we counted the takings and divided by four, nor to do the extreme violence on some trembling old woman in a shop and leave with the cash register's contents. But, as they say, money isn’t everything.

The four of us were dressed in the height of fashion, which in those days was a pair of tight black pants with a jelly mould, as we called it, fitting on the crotch underneath the pants, this being to protect and also a sort of a design you could see clear enough in a certain light, so that I had one in the shape of a spider, Pete had a hand, Georgie had a very fancy one of a flower, and poor old Dim had a very silly one of a clown’s face. Dim not ever having much of an idea of things and being, beyond all shadow of a doubt, the dimmest of we four. Then we wore jackets without lapels but with these very big built-up shoulders which were a kind of a mockery of having real shoulders like that. Then, my brothers, we had these off-white neckties which looked like whipped-up potato with a sort of a design made on it with a fork. We wore our hair not too long and we had great boots for kicking.

“What’s it going to be then, eh?”

There were three girls sitting at the counter all together, but there were four of us boys and it was usually like one for all and all for one. These girls were dressed in the height of fashion too, with purple and green and orange wigs on their heads, each one not costing less than three or four weeks of those girls’ wages, I should reckon, and make-up to match (rainbows round their eyes, that is, and the paint very wide). Then they had long black very straight dresses, and on the part of them they had little badges of like silver with different boys' names on them—Joe and Mike and suchlike. These were supposed to be the names of the different boys they’d been with before they were fourteen. They kept looking our way and I nearly felt like saying the three of us (out of the corner of my eye, that is) should go off for a bit of fun and leave poor old Dim behind, because it would be just a matter of buying Dim a small drink with this time with a bit of something to enhance the experience in it, but that wouldn’t really have been playing fair. Dim was very very ugly and like his name, but he was a very filthy fighter and very handy with the boot.

“What’s it going to be then, eh?”

The man sitting next to me, there being this long big plushy seat that ran round three walls, was well off with his eyes glazed and sort of mumbling words like “Aristotle wishy washy works outing cyclamen get forficulate smartish.” He was in another world all right, well away, in orbit, and I knew what it was like, having tried it like everybody else had done, but at this time I’d got to thinking it was a cowardly sort of thing, O my brothers. You’d lay there after you’d drunk the old milk and then you got the feeling that everything all round you was sort of in the past. You could see it all right, all of it, very clear—tables, the stereo, the lights, the girls and the boys—but it was like something that used to be there but was not there anymore. And you were sort of hypnotized by your boot or shoe or a finger-nail as it might be, and at the same time you were sort of picked up by the old scruff and shaken like you might be a cat. You got shaken and shaken till there was nothing left. You lost your name and your body and your self and you just didn’t care, and you waited until your boot or finger-nail got yellow, then yellower and yellower all the time. Then the lights started cracking like atomics and the boot or finger-nail or, as it might be, a bit of dirt on your trouser-bottom turned into a big big big place, bigger than the whole world, and you were just going to get introduced to old God when it was all over. You came back to here and now whimpering sort of, with your mouth all squaring up for a sob. Now that’s very nice but very cowardly. You were not put on this earth just to get in touch with God. That sort of thing could sap all the strength and the goodness out of a man.

“What’s it going to be then, eh?”

The stereo was on and you got the idea that the singer’s voice was moving from one part of the bar to another, flying up to the ceiling and then swooping down again and whizzing from wall to wall. It was Berti Laski rasping a real old classic called ‘You Blister My Paint.’ One of the three girls at the counter, the one with the green wig, kept pushing her belly out and pulling it in in time to what they called the music. I could feel the substances in the old milk starting to kick in, and now I was ready for a bit of fun that night. So I shouted: “Out out out out!” like a dog, and then I hit this guy who was sitting next to me and well away and mumbling a loud comment on the ear, but he didn’t feel it and went on with his “Telephonic hardware and when the function gets complicated.” He’d feel it all right when he came to, out of it.

“Where out?” said Georgie.

“Oh, just to keep walking,” I said, “and see what turns up, O my little brothers.”

So we hurried out into the big winter night and walked down Marghanita Boulevard and then turned into Boothby Avenue, and there we found what we were pretty well looking for, a little joke to start off the evening with. There was a shaky old schoolmaster type man, glasses on and his mouth open to the cold night air. He had books under his arm and a useless umbrella and was coming round the corner from the Public Library, which not many people used these days. You never really saw many of the older middle-class type out after nightfall these days, what with the shortage of police and us fine young boys about, and this professor type man was the only one walking in the whole street. So we approached him, very polite, and I said: “Pardon me, brother.”

He looked a bit scared when he saw the four of us like that, coming up so quiet and polite and smiling, but he said: “Yes? What is it?” in a very loud teacher-type voice, as if he was trying to show us he wasn’t scared. I said:

“I see you have books under your arm, brother. It is indeed a rare pleasure these days to come across somebody that still reads, brother.”

“Oh,” he said, all shaky. “Is it? Oh, I see.” And he kept looking from one to the other of us four, finding himself now like in the middle of a very smiling and polite group.

“Yes,” I said. “It would interest me greatly, brother, if you would kindly allow me to see what books those are that you have under your arm. I like nothing better in this world than a good clean book, brother.”

“Clean,” he said. “Clean, eh?” And then Pete took these three books from him and handed them round really quickly.

Being three, we all had one each to see at except for Dim. The one I had was called ‘Elementary Crystallography,’ so I opened it up and said: “Excellent, really first-class,” keeping turning the pages. Then I said in a very shocked voice: “But what is this here? What is this filthy word? I blush to look at this word. You disappoint me, brother, you do really.”

“But,” he tried, “but, but.”

“Now,” said Georgie, “here is what I should call real dirt. There’s one word beginning with an f and another with a c.” He had a book called ‘The Miracle of the Snowflake.’

“Oh,” said poor old Dim, looking over Pete’s shoulder and going too far, like he always did, “it says here what he did to her, and there’s a picture and all. Why,” he said, “you’re nothing but a filthy-minded old man.”

“An old man of your age, brother,” I said, and I started to tear up the book I’d got, and the others did the same with the ones they had. Dim and Pete doing a tug-of-war with ‘The Rhombohedral System.’ The academic type began to complain: “But those are not mine, those are the property of the municipality, this is sheer wantonness and vandalism,” or some such words. And he tried to sort of wrest the books back off of us, which was like pathetic. “You deserve to be taught a lesson, brother,” I said, “that you do.” This sturdy book I had was very tough-bound and hard to cut to bits, being really durable and made in days when things were made to last, but I managed to rip the pages up and throw them in handfuls like snowflakes, though big, all over this complaining old man, and then the others did the same with theirs, old Dim just dancing about like the clown he was. “There you are,” said Pete. “There’s the consequence of your reading, you dirty reader of filth and nastiness.”

“You naughty old man, you,” I said, and then we began to mess around with him. Pete held his arms and Georgie sort of pried his mouth wide open for him and Dim yanked out his false teeth, upper and lower. He threw these down on the pavement and then I treated them to the old boot-crush, though they were hard bastards, being made of some new horrible plastic stuff. The old man began to make sort of mumbling sounds—“ow ow ow”—so Georgie let go of holding his mouth apart and just let him have one in the toothless mouth with his ringy fist, and that made the old man start moaning a lot then, then out comes the blood, my brothers, really beautiful. So all we did then was to pull his outer clothes off, stripping him down to his vest and long underpants (very durable; Dim laughed his head off nearby), and then Pete kicked him lovely in his groin, and we let him go. He went sort of staggering off, it not having been too hard of a hit really, going “Oh oh oh,” not knowing where or what was what really, and we had a laugh at him and then rifled through his pockets, Dim dancing around with his crappy umbrella meanwhile, but there wasn’t much in them.

There were a few lovely letters, some of them dating right back to 1960 with “My dearest dearest” in them and all that nonsense, and a keyring and a lovely leaky pen. Old Dim gave up his umbrella dance and of course had to start reading one of the letters out loud, like to show the empty street he could read. “My darling one,” he recited, in this very high type voice, “I shall be thinking of you while you are away and hope you will remember to wrap up warm when you go out at night.” Then he let out a very loud laugh—“Ha ha ha”—pretending to start wiping his face with it. “All right,” I said. “Let it go, O my brothers.” In the trousers of this lovely man there was only a small bit of cash (money, that is)—not more than three coins—so we gave all his messy little coins the scattering treatment, it being worthless to the amount of money we had on us already. Then we smashed the umbrella and tore up his clothes and gave them to the blowing winds, my brothers, and then we’d finished with the lovely teacher type man. We hadn’t done much, I know, but that was only like the start of the evening and I make no apologies to you or yours for that. The knives in the drink were stabbing away nice and enjoyable now.

The next thing was to do the same act, which was one way to unload some of our money so we’d have more of an incentive for some shoplifting, as well as it being a way of buying an alibi in advance, so we went into the Duke of New York on Amis Avenue and sure enough in the snug there were three or four old ladies sipping their beer on State Aid. Now we were the very good boys, smiling good evening to one and all, though these wrinkled old ladies started to get all shaken, their veiny old hands all trembling around their glasses, and making the beer spill on the table. “Leave us be, lads,” said one of them, her face all crinkled with being a thousand years old, “we’re only poor old women.” But we just flashed our teeth, flash flash flash, sat down, rang the bell, and waited for the boy to come. When he came, all nervous and rubbing his hands on his dirty apron, we ordered us four veterans—a veteran being rum and cherry brandy mixed, which was popular just then, some liking a dash of lime in it, that being the Canadian variation. Then I said to the boy:

“Give these poor old ladies over there a nourishing something. Large whiskeys all round and something to take away.” And I poured my pocket of cash all over the table, and the other three did likewise, O my brothers. So double whiskeys were bought in for the scared old ladies, and they knew not what to do or say. One of them got out “Thanks, lads,” but you could see they thought there was something shady coming. Anyway, they were each given a bottle of cognac to take away, and I paid for them to be delivered each a dozen beers that following morning, they to leave their dirty old addresses at the counter. Then with the money that was left over we did purchase, my brothers, all the meat pies, pretzels, cheese snacks, crisps and chocolate bars in that place, and those too were for the old ladies. Then we said: “Back in a minute,” and the old ladies were still saying: “Thanks, lads,” and “God bless you, boys,” and we were going out without one cent of money in our pockets.

“Makes you feel really good, that does,” said Pete. You could see that poor old Dim the dim didn’t quite understand all that, but he said nothing for fear of being called foolish and a hopeless wonderboy. Well, we went off now round the corner to Attlee Avenue, and there was this sweets and candy shop still open. We’d left them alone nearly three months now and the whole district had been very quiet on the whole, so the armed police patrols weren’t around there much, being more north of the river these days. We put our masks on—new jobs these were, really well done; they were like faces of historical personalities (they gave you the names when you bought) and I had Disraeli, Pete had Elvis Presley, Georgie had Henry VIII and poor old Dim had a poet man called Percy Bysshe Shelley; they were a real disguise, hair and all, and they were some very special plastic thing so you could roll it up when you’d done with it and hide it in your boot—then three of us went in.

Pete keeping watch outside, not that there was anything to worry about out there. As soon as we entered the shop we went for Slouse who ran it, a big jolly man who saw at once what was coming and made straight for the inside where the telephone was and perhaps his well-oiled gun, complete with six dirty rounds. Dim was around that counter fast as a bird, sending packets of cigarettes flying and cracking over a big cut-out showing a girl with all her teeth showing flashing at the customers and her body near hanging out to advertise some new brand of candy. What you could see then was a sort of a big ball rolling into the inside of the shop behind the curtain, this being old Dim and Slouse sort of locked in a death struggle. Then you could hear panting and snoring and kicking behind the curtain and things falling over and swearing and then glass going smash smash smash. Mrs. Slouse, the wife, was sort of frozen behind the counter. We could tell she would scream murder given one chance, so I was around that counter very quickly and had a hold of her, and a very large woman she was too, all reeking of scent and with huge bobbing breasts on her. I’d got my arm around her mouth to stop her from shouting out danger to the four winds of heaven, but this lady gave me a large foul bite on it and it was me that did the shouting, and then she opened up beautifully with a loud scream for the police. Well, then she had to be hit properly with one of the weights for the scales, and then a fair tap with a crowbar they had for opening cases, and that brought the blood out like an old friend. So we had her down on the floor and a rip of her clothes for fun and a gentle bit of the boot to stop her moaning. And, seeing her lying there with her body on show, I wondered should I or not, but that was for later on in the evening. Then we cleaned the register, and there was really great takings that night, and we had a few packs of the very best top cigarettes each, then off we went, my brothers.

“A real big heavy guy he was,” Dim kept saying. I didn’t like the look of Dim: he looked dirty and untidy, like a man who’d been in a fight, which he had been, of course, but you should never look as though you have been. His scarf was like someone had trampled on it, his mask had been pulled off and he had floor dirt on his face, so we got him in an alleyway and tidied him up a little bit, soaking our handkerchiefs in spit to clean the dirt off. The things we did for old Dim. We were back in the Duke of New York very quickly and I reckoned by my watch we hadn’t been more than ten minutes away. The lovely old ladies were still there on the beer and whiskey we’d bought them, and we said: “Hello there, ladies, what’s it going to be?” They started on the old “Very kind, lads, God bless you, boys,” and so we rang the bell and brought a different waiter in this time and we ordered beers with rum in, being very thirsty, my brothers, and whatever the old ladies wanted. Then I said to the old ladies: “We haven’t been out of here, have we? Been here all the time, haven’t we?” They all caught on real fast and said:

“That’s right, lads. Not been out of our sight, you haven’t. God bless you, boys,” drinking.

Not that it mattered much, really. About half an hour went by before there was any sign of life among the police, and then it was only two very young officers that came in, very pink under their big copper’s hats. One said:

“You lot know anything about the happenings at Slouse’s shop tonight?”

“Us?” I said, innocent. “Why, what happened?”

“Stealing and roughing. Two hospitalizations. Where’ve you lot been this evening?”

“I don’t appreciate that nasty tone,” I said. “I don’t care much for these nasty insinuations. A very suspicious nature all this shows, my little brothers.”

“They’ve been in here all night, guys,” the old man started to complain. “God bless them, there’s no better group of boys living for kindness and generosity. Been here all the time they have. Not seen them move we haven’t.”

“We’re only asking,” said the other young officer. “We’ve got our job to do like anyone else.” But they gave us the nasty warning look before they went out. As they were going out we handed them a bit of noise: brrrrzzzzrrrr. But, myself, I couldn’t help a bit of disappointment at things as they were those days. Nothing to fight against really. Everything as easy as kiss-my-shoes. Still, the night was still very young.

When we got outside of the Duke of New York we saw by the main bar’s long lighted window, a burbling old drunk, howling away at the filthy songs of his fathers and going blerp blerp in between as though it might be a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts. One thing I could never stand was that. I could never stand to see a man all filthy and rolling and burping and drunk, whatever his age might be, but more especially when he was really high like this one was. He was sort of flattened to the wall and his clothes were a disgrace, all creased and untidy and covered in chalk and mud and filth and stuff. So we got hold of him and hit him with a few good punches, but he still went on singing. The song went:

		And I will go back to my darling, my darling,
		When you, my darling, are gone.

But when Dim hit him a few times on his filthy drunkard’s mouth he shut up singing and started to complain: “Go on, do me in, you cowardly bastards, I don’t want to live anyway, not in a stinking world like this one.” I told Dim to lay off a bit then, because it used to interest me sometimes to listen to what some of these high drunks had to say about life and the world. I said: “Oh. And what’s stinking about it?”

He cried out: “It’s a stinking world because it lets the young get on to the old like you did, and there’s no law nor order anymore.” He was complaining out loud and waving his hands and making real good points with the words, only the odd blurp blurp coming from his stomach, like something was orbiting within, or like some very rude interrupting sort of a man making a noise, so that this old guy kept sort of threatening it with his fists, shouting: “It’s no world for any old man any longer, and that means that I’m not one bit scared of you, my boys, because I’m too drunk to feel the pain if you hit me, and if you kill me I’ll be glad to be dead.”

We laughed and then grinned but said nothing, and then he said: “What sort of a world is it at all? Men on the moon and men spinning round the earth like it might be insects round a lamp, and there’s not more attention paid to earthly law nor order anymore. So your worst you may do, you filthy cowardly thugs.” Then he gave us some noise—“Prrrrzzzzrrrr”—like we’d done to those young officers, and then he started singing again:

		Oh dear dear land, I fought for thee
		And brought thee peace and victory—

So we cracked into him lovely, grinning all over our faces, but he still went on singing. Then we tripped him so he laid down flat and heavy and a bucketload of beer-vomit came rushing out. That was disgusting so we gave him the boot, one go each, and then it was blood, not song nor vomit, that came out of his filthy old mouth. Then we went on our way.

It was round by the Municipal Power Plant that we came across Billyboy and his five friends. Now in those days, my brothers, the teaming up was mostly by fours or fives, these being like auto-teams, four being a comfy number for a vehicle, and six being the outside limit for gang size. Sometimes gangs would join up so as to make like little armies for big night fights, but mostly it was best to roam in these like small numbers. Billyboy was something that made me want to be sick just to see his fat grinning face, and he always had this smell of very stale oil that’s been used for frying over and over, even when he was dressed in his best clothes, like now. They saw us just as we saw them, and there was like a very quiet kind of watching each other now. This would be real, this would be proper, this would be the knife, the gun, the straight razor, not just fists and boots. Billyboy and his friends stopped what they were doing, which was just getting ready to perform something on a crying young girl they had there, not more than ten, she complaining away but with her clothes still on. Billyboy holding her by one hand and his number-one, Leo, holding the other. They’d probably just been doing the dirty talking part of the act before getting down to a little bit of violence. When they saw us coming they let go of this boo-hooing little girl, there being plenty more where she came from, and she ran with her thin white legs flashing through the dark, still going “Oh oh oh.” I said, smiling very wide and friendly: “Well, if it isn’t fat stinking Billyboy in trouble. How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking oil? Come and get one in the family jewels, if you have any, you cowardly jelly.”

And then we started.

There were four of us to six of them, like I have already indicated, but poor old Dim, for all his dimness, was worth three of the others in sheer madness and dirty fighting. Dim had a real good length of metal or chain round his waist, twice wound round, and he unwound this and began to swing it beautifully in the eyes. Pete and Georgie had good sharp knives, but I for my own part had a fine shiny razor which, at that time, I could flash and shine artistically. So there we were fighting away in the dark, the old moon with men on it just coming up, the stars stabbing away as it might be knives anxious to join in the fighting. With my razor I managed to slit right down the front of one of Billyboy’s friends’ clothes, very very neat and not even touching the skin under the cloth. Then in the fighting this friend of Billyboy’s suddenly found himself all opened up like a pea pod, with his belly bare and his poor old family jewels showing, and then he got very angry, waving and screaming and losing his guard and letting in old Dim with his chain snaking whisssssshhhhhhhhh, so that old Dim hit him right in the eyes, and this friend of Billyboy’s went tottering off and howling his heart out. We were doing very well, and soon we had Billyboy’s number-one down underfoot, blinded with old Dim’s chain and crawling and howling about like an animal, but with one fair kick on the head he was out and out and out.

Of the four of us Dim, as usual, came out the worst in point of looks, that is to say his face was all bloodied and his clothes a dirty mess, but the others of us were still cool and whole. It was stinking fatty Billyboy I wanted now, and there I was dancing about with my razor like I might be a barber on board a ship on a very rough sea, trying to get in at him with a few fair slashes on his unclean oily face. Billyboy had a knife, a long flick-type, but he was a little bit too slow and heavy in his movements to hurt anyone really bad. And, my brothers, it was real satisfaction to me to waltz—left two three, right two three—and carve left cheeky and right cheeky, so that like two streams of blood seemed to pour out at the same time, one on either side of his fat filthy oily face in the winter starlight. Down this blood poured in like red curtains, but you could see Billyboy felt not a thing, and he went lumbering on like a filthy fatty bear, poking at me with his knife.

Then we heard the sirens and knew the police were coming with guns ready. That weepy little girl had told them, no doubt, there being a box for calling the police not too far behind the Municipal Power Plant. “Get you soon, fear not,” I called, “stinking billygoat. I’ll have your jewels off lovely.” Then off they ran, slow and panting, except for Number One Leo out snoring on the ground, away north towards the river, and we went the other way. Just round the next turning was an alley, dark and empty and open at both ends, and we rested there, panting fast then slower, then breathing like normal. It was like resting between the feet of two terrific and very enormous buildings, these being the apartment blocks, and in the windows of all the flats you could see like blue dancing light. This would be the television. Tonight was what they called a world broadcast, meaning that the same program was being shown by everybody in the world that wanted to, that being mostly the middle-aged middle-class people. There would be some big famous stupid comic man or black singer, and it was all being bounced off the special television satellites in outer space, my brothers. We waited panting, and we could hear the sirening police going east, so we knew we were all right now. But poor old Dim kept looking up at the stars and planets and the moon with his mouth wide open like a kid who’d never seen any such things before, and he said:

“What’s on them, I wonder. What would be up there on things like that?”

I nudged him hard, saying: “Come, silly fool as you are. Don’t think about them. There’ll be life like down here most likely, with some getting attacked and others doing the attacking. And now, with the night still young, let us be on our way, O my brothers.” The others laughed at this, but poor old Dim looked at me serious, then up again at the stars and the moon. So we went on our way down the alley, with the lights blueing on on either side. What we needed now was a car, so we turned left coming out of the alley, knowing right away we were in Priestly Place as soon as we saw the big bronze statue of some famous poet with a hairy upper lip and a pipe stuck in a droopy old mouth. Going north we came to the filthy old Filmdrome, peeling and falling apart through nobody going there much except boys like me and my friends, and then only for a shout or a cut or a bit of in-and-out in the dark. We could see from the poster on the Filmdrome’s front, a couple of dirty spots on it, that there was the usual cowboy riot, with the good guys on the side of the US marshal shooting at the rustlers out of hell’s fighting legions, the kind of cheap and racy thing put out by Statefilm in those days. The cars parked by the movie theater weren’t all that great, mostly lousy starry things, but there was a newer Durango 95 that I thought might do. Georgie had one of these keys, as they called them, on his keyring, so we were soon aboard—Dim and Pete at the back, puffing away confidently at their cigarettes—and I turned on the ignition and started her up and she grumbled away really well, a nice warm vibrating feeling going all through your insides. Then I stepped on the gas, and we backed out nicely, and nobody saw us take off.

We drove around what was called the backtown for a bit, scaring old men and women that were crossing the roads and zigzagging after cats and that. Then we took the road west. There wasn’t much traffic about, so I kept pushing the old gas pedal down, and the Durango 95 ate up the road like spaghetti. Soon it was winter trees and dark, my brothers, with a country darkness, and at one place I ran over something big with a snarling toothy face in the headlights, then it screamed and squelched under, and old Dim at the back nearly laughed his head off—“Ho ho ho”—at that.

Then we saw one young boy with his private parts showing under a tree, so we stopped and cheered at him, then we bumped into them both with a couple of half-hearted hits, making them cry, and on we went. What we were after now was the old surprise visit. That was a real thrill and good for laughs and plenty of the ultra-violent. We came at last to a sort of village, and just outside this village was a small sort of a cottage on its own with a bit of garden. The moon was well up now, and we could see this cottage clearly as I eased up and put the brake on, the other three giggling like crazy, and we could see the name on the gate of this cottage was HOME, a gloomy sort of a name. I got out of the car, ordering my friends to shush their giggles and act serious, and I opened this small gate and walked up to the front door. I knocked nice and gentle and nobody came, so I knocked a bit more and this time I could hear somebody coming, then a bolt drawn, then the door inched open an inch or so, then I could see this one eye looking out at me and the door was on a chain. “Yes? Who is it?” It was a sharp voice, a young woman by her sound, so I said in a very refined manner of speech, a real gentleman’s voice:

“Pardon, madam, most sorry to disturb you, but my friend and I were out for a walk, and my friend has suddenly taken ill with a very troublesome turn, and he is out there on the road unconscious and groaning. Would you have the goodness to let me use your telephone to call for an ambulance?”

“We haven’t a telephone,” said this woman. “I’m sorry, but we haven’t. You’ll have to go somewhere else.” From inside this small cottage I could hear the sound of someone typing away, and then the typing stopped and there was this man’s voice calling: “What is it, dear?”

“Well,” I said, “could you please let him have a cup of water? It’s like a faint, you see. It seems as though he’s passed out in a sort of fainting fit.”

The woman sort of hesitated and then said: “Wait.” Then she went off, and my three friends had got out of the car quietly and crept up stealthily, putting their masks on now, then I put mine on, then it was only a matter of me reaching in and undoing the chain, me having softened up this woman with my gentleman’s voice, so that she hadn’t shut the door like she should have done, us being strangers of the night. The four of us then went roaring in, old Dim playing the fool as usual with his jumping up and down and shouting out dirty words, and it was a nice little cottage, I’ll say that. We all went laughing into the room with a light on, and there was this woman sort of cowering, a young pretty girl with real nice looks on her, and with her was this man who was her husband, youngish too with horn-rimmed glasses on him, and on a table was a typewriter and all papers scattered everywhere, but there was one little pile of paper that must have been what he’d already typed, so here was another intelligent bookman type like that we’d encountered some hours back, but this one was a writer not a reader. Anyway, he said:

“What is this? Who are you? How dare you enter my house without permission.” And all the time his voice was trembling and his hands too. So I said:

“Never fear. If fear you have in your heart, O brother, pray banish it at once.” Then Georgie and Pete went out to find the kitchen, while old Dim waited for orders, standing next to me with his mouth wide open. “What is this, then?” I said, picking up the pile of typing from off the table, and the horn-rimmed husband said, trembling:

“That’s just what I want to know. What is this? What do you want? Get out at once before I throw you out.” So poor old Dim, masked like a big poet, had a good loud laugh at that, roaring like some animal.

“It’s a book,” I said. “It’s a book what you are writing.” I made my voice very coarse. “I have always had the strongest admiration for those who can write books.” Then I looked at its top sheet, and there was the name—

A CLOCKWORK ORANGE

—and I said: “That’s a fair silly title. Who ever heard of a clockwork orange?” Then I read a little bit out loud in a sort of very high type preaching voice: “—The attempt to impose upon man, a creature of growth and capable of sweetness, to ooze pleasantly at the last round the bearded lips of God, to attempt to impose, I say, laws and conditions appropriate to a mechanical creation, against this I raise my sword-pen—” Dim made some noise at that and I had to laugh myself. Then I started to tear up the sheets and scatter the bits over the floor, and this writer guy went sort of crazy and made for me with his teeth clenched and showing yellow and his nails ready for me like claws. So that was old Dim’s cue and he went grinning and making noises for this man’s talking, crack crack, first left fist then right, so that our dear old friend the red—red wine on tap and the same in all places, like it’s put out by the same big firm—started to pour and spot the nice clean carpet and the bits of this book that I was still ripping away at, cut cut. All this time this woman, his loving and faithful wife, just stood frozen by the fireplace, and then she started letting out little soft cries, like in time to the like music of old Dim’s fists. Then Georgie and Pete came in from the kitchen, both munching away, though with their masks on, you could do that with them on and no trouble. Georgie with like a cold leg of something in one hand and half a loaf of bread with a big dollop of butter on it in the other, and Pete with a bottle of beer frothing over and a nice handful of like plum cake. They went ha ha ha, watching old Dim dancing round and hitting the writer guy so that the writer guy started to cry like his life’s work was ruined, going boo hoo hoo with a very square bloody face, but it was ha ha ha in a muffled eater’s way and you could see bits of what they were eating. I didn’t like that, it being dirty and slobbery, so I said:

“Drop that food. I gave no permission. Grab hold of this man here so he can see all and not get away.” So they put down their greasy food on the table among all the flying paper and they walked over to the writer guy whose horn-rimmed glasses were cracked but still hanging on, with old Dim still dancing round and making things shake on the mantelpiece (I swept them all off then and they couldn’t shake anymore, little brothers) while he worked on the author of ‘A Clockwork Orange,’ making his face all purple and dripping like some very special sort of juicy fruit. “All right, Dim,” I said. “Now for the next thing, God help us all.” So he did the strong-man on the woman, who was still crying away in very loud fits, locking her hands from the back, while I ripped away at this and that, the others going ha ha ha still, and real good looking were they that then showed their pink eyes, O my brothers, while I untied and got ready for the plunge. Plunging, I could hear cries of agony and the writer bleeding guy that Georgie and Pete held on to nearly got loose howling crazy with the filthiest of words that I already knew and others he was making up.

Then after me it was quite right for Dim to have his turn, which he did in a very beastly snorting howling sort of way with his PB Shelley mask taking no notice, while I held on to her. Then there was a changeover, Dim and me grabbing the slobbering writer guy who was pretty much past struggling really, only just coming out with slack sort of words like he was in some sort of messy bar, and Pete and Georgie had theirs. Then there was quiet and we were full of hate, so we smashed what was left to be smashed—typewriter, lamp, chairs—and Dim, it was typical of old Dim, watered the fire out and was going to mess on the carpet, there being plenty of paper, but I said no. “Out out out out,” I yelled. The writer guy and his lady were not really there, bloody and torn and making noises. But they’d live.

So we got into the waiting car and I left it to Georgie to take the wheel, me feeling that tiny bit tired, and we went back to town, running over odd squealing things on the way.

We drove back towards town, my friends, but just outside, not far from what they called the Industrial Canal, we saw that the fuel needle had like collapsed, like our own ha ha ha needles had, and the car was coughing cough cough cough. Not to worry too much, though, because a train station kept flashing blue—on off on off—just nearby. The point was whether to leave the car to be taken by the police or, us feeling like in an angry and violent mood, to give it a fair hit into the starry waters for a nice heavy loud crash before the end of the evening. This latter we decided on, so we got out and, the brakes off, all four shoved it to the edge of the filthy water that was like treacle mixed with human waste, then one good hard shove and in it went. We had to dash back for fear of the filth splashing on our clothes, but splash and gulp it went, down and lovely. “Farewell, old friend,” called Georgie, and Dim obliged with a great clownish laugh—“Huh huh huh huh.”

Then we made for the station to ride the one stop to Center, as the middle of the town was called. We paid our fares nicely and politely and waited like gentlemen on the platform, old Dim playing with the slot machines, his pockets being full of small coins, and ready if need be to distribute chocolate bars to the poor and starving, though there were none such about, and then the old fast train came lumbering in and we climbed aboard, the train looking to be near empty. To pass the three-minute ride we messed about with what they called the upholstery, doing some nice fun tearing-out of the seats’ insides and old Dim banging the window till the glass cracked and sparkled in the winter air, but we were all feeling a bit tired and worn out, it having been an evening of some small exertion, my friends, only Dim, like the silly animal he was, full of joy, but looking all dirty and too much sweat on him, which was one thing I had against old Dim.

We got out at Center and walked slowly back to the Korova Milkbar, all yawning a tiny bit and showing to the moon and star and lamplight our backs, because we were still only growing boys and had school in the daytime, and when we got into the Korova we found it fuller than when we’d left earlier on. But the guy that had been mumbling away, in a daze, on white and artificial drugs or whatever, was still at it, going: “Urchins of deadcasts in the way-ho-hay great platonic time weatherborn.” It was likely that this was his third or fourth go that evening, for he had that pale inhuman look, like he’d become a ‘thing,’ and like his face was really a piece of chalk carved. Really, if he wanted to spend so long in a daze, he should have gone into one of the private cubicles at the back and not stayed in the big place, because here some of the kids would mess about with him a little, though not too much because there were powerful tough boys hidden away in the old Korova who could stop any trouble. Anyway, Dim squeezed in next to this guy and, with his big clown’s yell that showed his hanging jaw, he poked this guy’s foot with his own large dirty shoe. But the guy, my friends, heard nothing, being now all above the body.

It was teens messing and playing and clowning around (teens were what we used to call the youth), but there were a few of the more starry ones, guys and girls alike (but not of the bourgeois, never them) laughing and chatting at the bar. You could tell them from their haircuts and loose clothes (big stringy sweaters mostly) that they’d been rehearsing at the TV studios around the corner. The girls among them had these very lively faces and wide big mouths, very red, showing a lot of teeth, and laughing away and not caring about the wicked world one bit. And then the record on the stereo twanged off and out (it was Johnny Zhivago, a Russian cat, singing ‘Only Every Other Day’), and in the like interval, the short silence before the next one came on, one of these girls—very fair and with a big smiling red mouth and in her late thirties I’d say—suddenly came with a burst of singing, only a bar and a half and as though she was like giving an example of something they’d all been chatting about, and it was like for a moment, O my friends, some great bird had flown into the milkbar, and I felt all the little tiny hairs on my neck standing up straight and the shivers crawling up like slow little lizards and then down again. Because I knew what she sang. It was from an opera by Friedrich Gitterfenster called ‘The Bedding,’ and it was the bit where she’s dying with her throat cut, and the words are ‘Better like this maybe.’ Anyway, I shivered.

But old Dim, as soon as he’d heard this little bit of song like a chunk of hot meat plopped on your plate, let off one of his vulgarities, which in this case was a lip-trump followed by a dog-howl followed by two fingers poking twice at the air followed by a silly laugh. I felt myself all of a fever and like drowning in hot blood, watching and noticing Dim’s vulgarity, and I said: “Bastard. Filthy drooling rude bastard.” Then I leaned across Georgie, who was between me and horrible Dim, and punched Dim quickly on the mouth. Dim looked very surprised, his mouth open, wiping the blood off of his face with his sleeve and in turn looking surprised at the red flowing blood and at me. “What did you do that for?” he said in his ignorant way. Not many saw what I’d done, and those that saw didn’t care. The stereo was on again and was playing a very sick electronic guitar thing. I said:

“For being a rude bastard with no manners and not having the slightest idea how to conduct yourself in public, O my brother.”

Dim put on an angry look of evil, saying: “I don’t like that you did what you did then. And I’m not your brother anymore and wouldn’t want to be.” He’d taken a big snotty tissue from his pocket and was mopping the red flow, puzzled, keeping on looking at it frowning as if he thought that blood was for other guys and not for him. It was like he was singing blood to make up for his vulgarity when that girl was singing music. But that girl was laughing away ha ha ha now with her friends at the bar, her red mouth working and her teeth shining, not having noticed Dim’s filthy vulgarity. It was really me that Dim had done wrong to. I said:

“If you don’t like this and you wouldn’t want that, then you know what to do, little brother.” Georgie said, in a sharp way that made me look:

“All right. Let’s not be starting.”

“That’s up to Dim,” I said. “Dim can’t go on all his life being just a little child.” And I looked sharply at Georgie.

Dim said, and the red blood was easing its flow now:

“What natural right does he have to think he can give the orders and hit me whenever he likes? I say no to him, and I’d beat him down as soon as look.”

“Watch that,” I said, as quietly as I could with the stereo bouncing all over the walls and ceiling and the guy beyond Dim getting loud now with his “Spark nearer, ultimate,” I said: “Do watch that, O Dim, if you wish to continue to be alive.”

“Yarbles,” said Dim, sneering, “big to you. What you did then you had no right. I’ll meet you with a chain or knife or razor anytime, not having you aiming hits at me for no reason, it stands to reason I won’t have it.”

“A knife fight anytime you say,” I snarled back. Pete said:

“Oh now, don’t, both of you boys. Friends, aren’t we? It isn’t right friends should act this way. See, there are some loose-lipped boys over there laughing at us, leering like. We mustn’t let ourselves down.”

“Dim,” I said, “has got to learn his place. Right?”

“Wait,” said Georgie. “What is all this about place? This is the first I ever hear about rude ones learning their place.”

Pete said: “If the truth is known, Alex, you shouldn’t have given old Dim that uncalled-for hit. I’ll say it once and no more. I say it with all respect, but if it had been me you’d given it to you’d have to answer. I say no more.” And he buried his face in his milk glass.

I could feel myself getting all angry inside, but I tried to cover it, saying calmly: “There has to be a leader. Discipline there has to be. Right?” None of them said a word or nodded even. I got more angry inside, calmer outside. “I,” I said, “have been in charge long now. We are all friends, but somebody has to be in charge. Right? Right?” They all nodded cautiously. Dim was wiping the last of the blood off. It was Dim who said now:

“Right, right. Doobidoob. A bit tired, maybe, everybody is. Best not to say more.” I was surprised and just that tiny bit nervous to hear Dim talking that way. Dim said:

“Home is right now, so best we go home. Right?” I was very surprised. The other two nodded, going right right right. I said:

“You understand about that hit on the mouth, Dim. It was the music, see. I get all crazy when any guy interferes with a girl singing, as it might be. Like that then.”

“Best we go off home and get a bit of rest,” said Dim. “A long night for growing boys. Right?” Right right nodded the other two. I said:

“I think it best we go home now. Dim has made a real great suggestion. If we don’t meet in the daytime, O my friends, well then—same time same place tomorrow?”

“Oh yes,” said Georgie. “I think that can be arranged.”

“I might,” said Dim, “be just that tiny bit late. But same place and near same time tomorrow surely.” He was still wiping at his nose, though no blood flowed any longer now. “And,” he said, “it is to be hoped there won’t be anymore of them singing birds in here.” Then he gave his old Dim laugh, a silly big laugh. It seemed like he was too slow to take much offense.

So off we went our separate ways, me belching on the cold drink I’d had. I had my razor handy in case any of Billyboy’s friends should be around near the apartment block waiting, or for that matter any of the other groups or gangs that from time to time were at war with one. Where I lived was with my dad and mom in the apartments of Municipal Flatblock 18A, between Kingsley Avenue and Wilsonsway. I got to the big main door with no trouble, though I did pass one young boy sprawled out and screaming and moaning in the gutter, all cut up nicely, and saw in the lamplight also streaks of blood here and there like signatures, my brothers, of the night’s activities. And too I saw just by 18A a pair of girls’ shoes doubtless rudely wrenched off in the heat of the moment, O my brothers. And so in. In the hallway was the good old municipal painting on the walls—men and women very well developed, stern in the dignity of labor, at workbench and machine with not one stitch of clothing on their well-developed bodies. But of course some of the boys living in 18A had, as was to be expected, embellished and decorated the said big painting with handy pencil and ballpoint, adding hair and stiff objects and dirty words out of the dignified versions of these bare men and women. I went to the lift, but there was no need to press the electric button to see if it was working or not, because it had been smashed real badly this night, the metal doors all buckled, some feat of rare strength indeed, so I had to walk the ten floors up. I cursed and panted climbing, being tired in body if not so much in mind. I wanted music very badly this evening, that singing girl in the Korova having perhaps started me off. I wanted like a big feast of it before getting my passport stamped, my brothers, at sleep’s frontier and the striped gate lifted to let me through.

I opened the door of 10-8 with my own little key, and inside our tiny quarters all was quiet, my dad and mom both being in dreamland, and mom had laid out on the table a little bit of supper—a couple of slices of tinned meat with a slice or so of bread and butter, a glass of the old cold milk. Ha ha ha, the old milk, with no knives or drugs or strange substances in it. How innocent, my brothers, innocent milk must always seem to me now. Still I drank and ate quickly, being more hungry than I thought at first, and I got fruit pie from the pantry and tore chunks off it to stuff into my greedy mouth. Then I brushed my teeth and clicked, cleaning out the old mouth with my tongue, then I went into my own little room or den, easing off my clothes as I did so. Here was my bed and my stereo, pride of my life, and my discs in their cupboard, and banners and flags on the wall, these being like reminders of my school life since I was eleven, O my brothers, each one shining and blazoned with name or number: SOUTH 4; METRO CORSKOL BLUE DIVISION; THE BOYS OF ALPHA.

The little speakers of my stereo were all arranged around the room, on ceiling, walls, floor, so, lying on my bed listening to the music, I was like netted and meshed in the orchestra. Now what I fancied first tonight was this new violin concerto by the American Geoffrey Plautus, played by Odysseus Choerilos with the Macon (Georgia) Philharmonic, so I slid it from where it was neatly filed and switched on and waited.

Then, brothers, it came. Oh, bliss, bliss and heaven. I lay all bare to the ceiling, my head on my hands on the pillow, eyes closed, mouth open in bliss, listening to the flow of lovely sounds. Oh, it was gorgeousness and beauty made flesh. The trombones crunched beneath my bed, and behind my head the trumpets three-wise shimmered, and there by the door the drums rolling through my insides and out again crunched like candy thunder. Oh, it was wonder of wonders. And then, a bird of like rarest spun silver, or like silvery wine flowing in a spaceship, gravity all nonsense now, came the violin solo above all the other strings, and those strings were like a cage of silk around my bed. Then flute and oboe bored, like worms of like platinum, into the thick thick toffee gold and silver. I was in such bliss, my brothers.

My dad and mom in their bedroom next door had learned now not to knock on the wall with complaints of what they called noise. I had taught them. Now they would take sleeping pills. Perhaps, knowing the joy I had in my night music, they had already taken them. As I listened, my eyes tight shut to shut in the bliss that was better than any drug, I knew such lovely pictures. There were men and women, both young and starry, lying on the ground screaming for mercy, and I was laughing all over my face and grinding my boot in their faces. And there were girls ripped and screaming against walls and I plunging like a blow into them, and indeed when the music, which was one movement only, rose to the top of its big highest point, then, lying there on my bed with eyes tight shut and hands behind my head, I broke and shouted with the bliss of it. And so the lovely music glided to its glowing close.

After that I had lovely Mozart, the Jupiter, and there were new pictures of different faces to be ground and splashed, and it was after this that I thought I would have just one last disc only before crossing the border, and I wanted something grand and strong and very firm, so it was J. S. Bach I had, the Brandenburg Concerto just for middle and lower strings. And, listening with different bliss than before, I saw again this name on the paper I’d written that night, a long time ago it seemed, in that cottage called HOME. The name was about a clockwork orange. Listening to the J. S. Bach, I began to understand better what that meant now, and I thought, listening away to the brown beauty of the starry German master, that I would like to have hit them both harder and ripped them to ribbons on their own floor.

The next morning I woke up at eight o’clock, my brothers, and as I still felt tired and exhausted and my eyes were stuck together real badly with sleep, I thought I would not go to school. I thought how I would have a little longer in bed, an hour or two say, and then get dressed nice and easy, perhaps even having a wash in the bath, make toast for myself and listen to the radio or read the newspaper, all on my own. And then in the afternoon I might perhaps, if I still felt like it, head off to the old school and see what was happening in the great seat of useless learning, O my brothers. I heard my dad grumbling and trampling and then heading off to the factory where he worked, and then my mom called in a very respectful voice as she did now I was growing up big and strong:

“It’s gone eight, son. You don’t want to be late again.”

So I called back: “A bit of pain in my head. Leave me be and I’ll try to sleep it off and then I’ll be just fine for this afternoon.” I heard her give a sort of a sigh and she said:

“I’ll put your breakfast in the oven then, son. I’ve got to be off myself now.” Which was true, there being this law for everybody not a child nor with child nor ill to go out working. My mom worked at one of the State stores, as they called them, filling up the shelves with canned soup and beans and all that stuff. So I heard her clatter a plate in the oven and then she was putting her shoes on and then getting her coat from behind the door and then sighing again, then she said: “I’m off now, son.” But I pretended to be back in dreamland and then I did doze off real well, and I had a strange and very real dream, for some reason of my friend Georgie. In this dream he’d got much older and very sharp and hard and was talking about discipline and obedience and how all the boys under his control had to jump to it and throw up the old salute like being in the army, and there was me in line like the rest saying yes sir and no sir, and then I saw clear that Georgie had these stars on his shoulders and he was like a general. And then he brought in old Dim with a whip, and Dim was a lot more gray and had a few teeth missing as you could see when he let out a laugh, seeing me, and then my friend Georgie said, pointing at me: “That man has dirt all over his clothes,” and it was true. Then I screamed:

“Don’t hit, please don’t, brothers,” and started to run. And I was running in like circles and Dim was after me, laughing his head off, cracking with the old whip, and each time I got a real bad hit with this whip there was like a very loud electric bell ringing, and this bell was like a sort of a pain too.

Then I woke up real quickly, my heart going bam bam bam, and of course there was really a bell going ding dong, and it was our front-door bell. I pretended that nobody was at home, but this ding dong still kept going, and then I heard a voice shouting through the door: “Come on then, get out of it, I know you’re in bed.” I recognized the voice right away. It was the voice of P. R. Deltoid (a real annoying one, that one) what they called my Post-Corrective Adviser, an overworked man with hundreds on his list. I shouted right back, in a voice of like pain, and I got out of bed and dressed myself, O my brothers, in a very lovely gown of like silk, with designs of like great cities all over this gown. Then I put my feet into very comfy woolly slippers, combed my luxurious hair, and was ready for P. R. Deltoid. When I opened up he came shambling in looking tired, a battered old hat on his head, his raincoat dirty. “Ah, Alex boy,” he said to me. “I met your mother, yes. She said something about a pain somewhere. Hence not at school, yes.”

“A rather unbearable pain in the head, sir,” I said in my polite voice. “I think it should clear by this afternoon.”

“Or certainly by this evening, yes,” said P. R. Deltoid. “The evening is the great time, isn’t it, Alex boy? Sit,” he said, “sit, sit,” as though this was his home and me his guest. And he sat in this starry rocking-chair of my dad’s and began rocking, as if that was all he had come for. I said:

“A cup of the old tea, sir?”

“No time,” he said. And he rocked, giving me the old glint under frowning brows, as if with all the time in the world. “No time, yes,” he said, slowly. So I put the kettle on. Then I said:

“To what do I owe the extreme pleasure? Is anything wrong, sir?”

“Wrong?” he said, very quickly and sly, sort of hunched looking at me but still rocking away. Then he caught sight of an advert in the newspaper, which was on the table— a lovely smiling young girl with her clothes hanging out to advertise, my brothers, the Glories of the Jugoslav Beaches.

Then, after sort of examining her in two glances, he said:

“Why should you think in terms of there being anything wrong? Have you been doing something you shouldn’t, yes?”

“Just a manner of speech,” I said, “sir.”

“Well,” said P. R. Deltoid, “it’s just a manner of speech from me to you that you watch out, little Alex, because next time, as you very well know, it’s not going to be the corrective school anymore. Next time it’s going to be the jail and all my work ruined. If you have no consideration for your horrible self, you at least might have some for me, who have sweated over you. A big black mark, I tell you in confidence, for every one we don’t reclaim, a confession of failure for every one of you that ends up in the striped hole.”

“I’ve been doing nothing I shouldn’t, sir,” I said. “The police have nothing on me, brother, sir I mean.”

“Cut out this clever talk about police,” said P. R. Deltoid very weary, but still rocking. “Just because the police have not picked you up lately doesn’t, as you very well know, mean you’ve not been up to some trouble. There was a bit of a fight last night, wasn’t there? There was a bit of shuffling with knives and bike chains and the like. One of a certain fat boy’s friends was taken to the hospital late from near the Power Plant and treated for injuries, yes. Your name was mentioned. The word has got through to me by the usual channels. Certain friends of yours were named also. There seems to have been a fair amount of assorted trouble last night. Oh, nobody can prove anything about anybody, as usual. But I’m warning you, little Alex, being a good friend to you as always, the one man in this sick and sore community who wants to save you from yourself.”

“I appreciate all that, sir,” I said, “very sincerely.”

“Yes, you do, don’t you?” he sort of sneered. “Just watch it, that’s all, yes. We know more than you think, little Alex.”

Then he said, in a voice of great suffering, but still rocking away: “What gets into you all? We study the problem and we’ve been studying it for damn well near a century, yes, but we get no further with our studies. You’ve got a good home here, good loving parents, you’ve got not too bad of a brain. Is it some devil that crawls inside you?”

“Nobody’s got anything on me, sir,” I said. “I’ve been out of the reach of the police for a long time now.”

“That’s just what worries me,” sighed P. R. Deltoid. “A bit too long of a time to be healthy. You’re about due now by my reckoning. That’s why I’m warning you, little Alex, to keep your handsome young nose out of the dirt, yes. Do I make myself clear?”

“As an unmuddied lake, sir,” I said. “Clear as an azure sky of deepest summer. You can rely on me, sir.” And I gave him a nice friendly smile.

But when he’d left and I was making this very strong pot of tea, I grinned to myself over this thing that P. R. Deltoid and his friends worried about. All right, I do bad, what with fights and punches and cuts with the knife and the old in-and-out, and if I get caught, well, too bad for me, O my little brothers, and you can’t run a country with every person behaving like I did that night. So if I get caught and it’s three months in this place and another six in that, and the, as P. R. Deltoid so kindly warns, next time, in spite of the great kindness of my summers, brothers, it’s the great unearthly prison itself, well, I say: “Fair, but a pity, my lords, because I just cannot bear to be shut in. My endeavor shall be, in such future as stretches out its snowy and lily-white arms to me before the knife overtakes or the blood spatters its final chorus in twisted metal and smashed glass on the highway, to not get caught again.” Which is fair speech. But, brothers, this biting of their toenails over what is the cause of badness is what turns me into a fine laughing boy. They don’t go into the cause of goodness, so why the other side? If people are good that’s because they like it, and I wouldn’t ever interfere with their pleasures, and so of the other side. And I was supporting the other side. More, badness is of the self, the one, the you or me on our own. And that self is made by old God and is his great pride and joy. But the not-self cannot have the bad, meaning they of the government and the judges and the schools cannot allow the bad because they cannot allow the self. And is not our modern history, my brothers, the story of brave little selves fighting these big machines? I am serious with you, brothers, over this. But what I do I do because I like to do.

So now, this smiling winter morning, I drink this very strong tea with milk and spoon after spoon after spoon of sugar, me having a sweet tooth, and I dragged out of the oven the breakfast my poor old mum had cooked for me. It was an egg fried, that and no more, but I made toast and ate egg and toast and jam, smacking away at it while I read the newspaper. The newspaper was the usual about extreme violence and bank robberies and strikes and footballers making everybody paralytic with fright by threatening to not play next Saturday if they did not get higher wages, naughty little boys as they were. Also there were more space-trips and bigger stereo TV screens and offers of free packets of soap flakes in exchange for the labels on soup tins, amazing offer for one week only, which made me smile. And there was a big article on Modern Youth (meaning me, so I gave the old bow, grinning like crazy) by some very clever bald man.

I read this with care, my brothers, slurping away at the old tea, cup after cup, crunching my pieces of black toast dipped in jam and egg. This learned man said the usual things, about no parental discipline, as he called it, and the shortage of real good teachers who would beat the nonsense out of their innocent children and make them cry for mercy. All this was silly and made me laugh, but it was nice to go on knowing one was making the news all the time, O my brothers. Every day there was something about Modern Youth, but the best thing they ever had in the old newspaper was by some famous pop singer in a dog collar who said that in his considered opinion and he was speaking as a man of God IT WAS THE DEVIL THAT WAS ABROAD and was like creeping his way into like young innocent flesh, and it was the adult world that could take the responsibility for this with their wars and bombs and nonsense. So that was all right. So he knew what he talked of, being a Godman. So we young innocent boys could take no blame. Right right right.

When I’d burped a couple of times on my full innocent stomach, I started to get out day clothes from my wardrobe, turning the radio on. There was music playing, a very nice little string quartet, my brothers, by Claudius Birdman, one that I knew well. I had to have a laugh, though, thinking of what I’d seen once in one of these articles on Modern Youth, about how Modern Youth would be better off if A Lively Appreciation Of The Arts could be like encouraged. Great Music, it said, and Great Poetry would like calm Modern Youth down and make Modern Youth more Civilized. Civilized my tired mind. Music always sort of sharpened me up, O my brothers, and made me feel like old God himself, ready to make with the old thunder and lightning and have men and women screaming away in my power. And when I’d cleaned up my face and hands a bit and done dressing (my day clothes were like student wear: the old blue pants with sweater with A for Alex) I thought here at last was time to head off to the record store (and cut too, my pockets being full of money) to see about this long-promised and long-ordered stereo Beethoven Number Nine (the Choral Symphony, that is), recorded on Masterstroke by the Esh Sham Symphony under L. Muhaiwir. So out I went, brothers.

The day was very different from the night. The night belonged to me and my friends and all the rest of the teenagers, and the starry bourgeois lurked indoors drinking in the silly broadcasts, but the day was for the stars, and there always seemed to be more police around during the day, too. I got the bus from the corner and rode to Center, and then I walked back to Taylor Place, and there was the record store I favored with my valuable custom, O my brothers. It had the silly name of MELODIA, but it was a real great place and usually quick, at getting the new recordings. I walked in and the only other customers were two young girls sucking away at ice pops (and this, mind you, was dead cold winter and sort of shuffling through the new pop records—Johnny Burnaway, Stash Kroh, The Mixers, Lay Quit Awhile With Ed And Id Molotov, and all the rest of that stuff). These two girls couldn’t have been more than ten, and they too, like me, it seemed, evidently, had decided to take the morning off from the old school. They saw themselves, you could see, as real grown-up girls already, what with the old hip-swing when they saw your Faithful Narrator, brothers, and padded bodies and red all smeared on their faces. I went up to the counter, making with the polite friendly smile at old Andy behind it (always polite himself, always helpful, a real great type of a man, though bald and very very thin). He said:

“Aha. I know what you want, I think. Good news, good news. It has arrived.” And with big conductor’s hands beating time he went to get it. The two young girls started giggling, as they will at that age, and I gave them a cold stare. Andy was back really quickly, waving the great shiny white sleeve of the Ninth, which had on it, brothers, the frowning beetled face of Ludwig van himself. “Here,” said Andy. “Shall we give it the trial spin?” But I wanted it back home on my stereo to listen to on my headphones, greedy as hell. I fumbled out the money to pay and one of the little girls said:

“Who are you getting, buddy? What big thing, what only?” These young girls had their own way of speaking.

“The Heaven Seventeen? Luke Sterne? Goggly Gogol?” And both giggled, rocking and hippy. Then an idea hit me and made me nearly fall over with the anguish and ecstasy of it, O my brothers, so I could not breathe for nearly ten seconds. I recovered and smiled with my new-clean teeth and said:

“What do you have back home, little sisters, to play your fuzzy sounds on?” Because I could see the discs they were buying were these teeny pop things. “I bet you have tiny portable picnic players.” And they sort of pushed their lower lips out at that. “Come with uncle,” I said, “and hear all properly. Hear angel trumpets and devil trombones. You are invited.” And I bowed. They giggled again and one said:

“Oh, but we’re so hungry. Oh, but we could eat so much.” The other said: “Yeah, she can say that, can’t she just.” So I said:

“Eat with uncle. Name your place.”

Then they saw themselves as real sophisticates, which was kind of pathetic, and started talking in big-lady voices about the Ritz and the Bristol and the Hilton and Il Ristorante Granturco. But I stopped that with “Follow uncle,” and I led them to the Pasta Parlour just round the corner and let them fill their innocent young faces on spaghetti and sausages and cream-puffs and banana-splits and hot chocolate sauce, till I nearly felt sick at the sight of it, I, brothers, lunching but frugally off a cold ham slice and a growling dollop of chili. These two young girls were much alike, though not sisters. They had the same ideas or lack of ideas, and the same color hair—a dyed straw color. Well, they would grow up really today. Today I would make a day of it. No school this afternoon, but education certain, Alex as teacher. Their names, they said, were Marty and Sonietta, crazy enough and in the height of their childish fashion, so I said:

“Righty right, Marty and Sonietta. Time for the big spin. Come.” When we were outside on the cold street they thought they would not go by bus, oh no, but by taxi, so I gave them the humor, though with a real great grin, and I called a taxi from the rank near Center. The driver, a starry whiskered man in very stained clothes, said:

“No tearing up now. No nonsense with those seats. Just re-upholstered they are.” I quieted his silly fears and off we went to Municipal Flatblock 18A, these two bold little girls giggling and whispering. So, to cut all short, we arrived, O my brothers, and I led the way up to 10-8, and they panted and laughed all the way up, and then they were thirsty, they said, so I unlocked the treasure-chest in my room and gave these ten-year-young girls a real great Scotchman apiece, though well filled with fizzy drinks. They sat on my bed (yet unmade) and swung their legs, laughing and sipping their drinks, while I played their somewhat pathetic small discs through my stereo. Like sipping some sweet scented kid’s drink, that was, in beautiful and lovely and costly gold glasses. But they went oh oh oh and said, “Swoony” and “Hilly” and other strange words that were the height of fashion in that youth group. While I played this music for them I encouraged them to drink and have another, and they were nothing loath, O my brothers. So by the time their pathetic pop discs had been played twice each (there were two: ‘Honey Nose,’ sung by Ike Yard, and ‘Night After Day After Night,’ moaned by two horrible speechless men whose names I forget) they were getting near the pitch of young girl's hysteria, jumping all over my bed with me in the room with them.

What was actually done that afternoon there is no need to describe, brothers, as you may easily guess all. Those two were undressed and laughing fit to crack in no time at all, and they thought it the biggest fun to see old Uncle Alex standing there all naked and pan-handled, squirting the needle like some bare doctor, then giving myself the old jab of growling jungle-cat liquid in the arm. Then I pulled the lovely Ninth out of its sleeve, so that Ludwig van was now naked too, and I set the needle hissing on to the last movement, which was all bliss. There it was then, the bass strings sounding away from under my bed at the rest of the orchestra, and then the male voice coming in and telling them all to be joyful, and then the lovely blissful tune all about Joy being a glorious spark of heaven, and then I felt the old tigers leap in me and then I leapt on these two young girls. This time they thought nothing was fun and stopped laughing with high mirth, and had to submit to the strange and weird desires of Alexander the Large which, with the Ninth and the shot, were wonderful and remarkable and very demanding, O my brothers. But they were both very very drunk and could hardly feel very much.

When the last movement had gone round for the second time with all the banging and screaming about Joy Joy Joy Joy, then these two young girls were not acting the big lady sophisticate anymore. They were waking up to what was being done to their small persons and saying that they wanted to go home and that I was a wild beast. They looked like they had been in some big fight, as indeed they had, and were all bruised and pouty. Well, if they would not go to school they must still have their education. And education they had. They were screaming and going ow ow ow as they put their clothes on, and they were punching me with their tiny fists as I lay there dirty and naked and quite exhausted on the bed. This young Sonietta was screaming: “Beast and hateful animal. Filthy horror.” So I let them get their things together and get out, which they did, talking about how the police should be called on me and all that nonsense. Then they were going down the stairs and I dropped off to sleep, still with the old Joy Joy Joy Joy crashing and howling away.

What happened, though, was that I woke up late (near seven-thirty by my watch) and, as it turned out, that was not so clever. You can see that everything in this wicked world counts. You can see that one thing always leads to another. Right right right. My stereo was no longer on about Joy and I Embrace Ye O Ye Millions, so some guy had turned it off, and that would be either Dad or Mom, both of them now being quite clear to the listening in the living room and, from the clink clink of plates and slurp slurp of sipping tea from cups, at their tired meal after the day’s work in the factory the one, store the other. The poor old. The pitiable starry. I put on my overcoat and looked out, in guise of loving only son, to say:

“Hi hi hi, there. A lot better after the day’s rest. Ready now for evening work to earn that little bit.” For that’s what they said they believed I did these days. “Yum, yum, Mom. Any of that for me?” It was like some frozen pie that she’d unfrozen and then warmed up and it looked not so very appetizing, but I had to say what I said. Dad looked at me with a not-so-pleased suspicious look but said nothing, knowing he dared not, and Mom gave me a tired little smile, to thee fruit of my womb my only son sort of. I danced to the bathroom and had a really quick wash all over, feeling dirty and sticky, then back to my den for the evening’s clothes. Then, shining, combed, brushed and gorgeous, I sat to my small piece of pie. Dad said:

“Not that I want to pry, son, but where exactly is it you go to work in the evenings?”

“Oh,” I chewed, “it’s mostly odd things, helping like. Here and there, as it might be.” I gave him a straight dirty look, as to say to mind his own and I’d mind mine. “I never ask for money, do I? Not money for clothes or for pleasures? All right, then, why ask?”

My dad was like humble mumble. “Sorry, son,” he said. “But I get worried sometimes. Sometimes I have dreams. You can laugh if you like, but there’s a lot in dreams. Last night I had this dream with you in it and I didn’t like it one bit.”

“Oh?” He had gotten me interested now, dreaming of me like that. I had a feeling I had had a dream, too, but I could not remember exactly what. “Yes?” I said, stopping chewing my sticky pie.

“It was vivid,” said my dad. “I saw you lying on the street and you had been beaten by other boys. These boys were like the boys you used to go around with before you were sent to that last Corrective School.”

“Oh?” I had a slight grin at that, Dad believing I had really reformed or believing he believed. And then I remembered my own dream, which was a dream of that morning, of Georgie giving his general’s orders and old Dim laughing around toothless as he wielded the whip. But dreams go by opposites I was once told. “Never worry about your only son and heir, O my father,” I said. “Fear not. He can take care of himself, truly.”

“And,” said my dad, “you were helpless in your blood and you couldn’t fight back.” That was really opposites, so I had another quiet small grin within and then I took all the money out of my pockets and tinkled it on the saucy tablecloth. I said:

“Here, Dad, it’s not much. It’s what I earned last night. But perhaps for the odd drink of Scotchman in the snug somewhere for you and Mom.”

“Thanks, son,” he said. “But we don’t go out much now. We daren’t go out much, the streets being what they are. Young hooligans and so on. Still, thanks. I’ll bring her home a bottle of something tomorrow.” And he scooped this ill-gotten money into his trouser pockets, Mom being at the washing of the dishes in the kitchen. And I went out with loving smiles all around.

When I got to the bottom of the stairs of the apartment building I was somewhat surprised. I was more than that. I opened my mouth wide in the old stony gaps. They had come to meet me. They were waiting by the all scrawled-over municipal wall-painting of the nice dignity of labour, bare faces and girls stern at the wheels of industry, like I said, with all this dirt penciled from their mouths by naughty boys. Dim had a big thick stick of black greasepaint and was tracing filthy words real big over our municipal painting and doing the old Dim laugh—wuh huh huh—while he did it. But he turned round when Georgie and Pete gave me the well hello, showing their shining good friend teeth, and he shouted out: “He is here, he has arrived, hooray,” and did a clumsy little dance.

“We got worried,” said Georgie. “There we were waiting and drinking away at the old knife milk, and you might have been like offended by some thing or other, so round we come to your home. That’s right, Pete, right?”

“Oh, yes, right,” said Pete.

“I’m very sorry,” I said carefully. “I had something of a pain in the head so had to sleep. I was not woken when I gave orders for waking. Still, here we all are, ready for what the old night offers, yes?” I seemed to have picked up that yes? from P. R. Deltoid, my Post-Corrective Adviser. Very strange.

“Sorry about the pain,” said Georgie, looking very concerned.

“Using the head too much maybe. Giving orders and discipline and such, perhaps. Sure the pain is gone? Sure you’ll not be happier going back to bed?” And they all had a bit of a small grin.

“Wait,” I said. “Let’s get things nice and sparkling clear. This sarcasm, if I may call it such, does not suit you, my little friends. Perhaps you have been having a bit of a quiet talk behind my back, making your own little jokes and such-like. As I am your friend and leader, surely I am entitled to know what goes on, eh? Now then, Dim, what does that great big horsey grin mean?” For Dim had his mouth open in a sort of crazy soundless laugh. Georgie got in very quickly with:

“All right, no more picking on Dim, brother. That’s part of the new way.”

“New way?” I said. “What’s this about a new way? There’s been some very large talk behind my sleeping back and no mistake. Let me listen more.” And I sort of folded my hands and leaned comfortably to listen against the broken banister-rail, me being still higher than them, friends as they called themselves, on the third stair.

“No offence, Alex,” said Pete, “but we wanted to have things more democratic like. Not like you saying what to do and what not all the time. But no offence.”

Georgie said: “Offence is neither here nor there. It’s the matter of who has ideas. What ideas has he had?” And he kept his very bold eyes turned full on me. “It’s all the small stuff, small things like last night. We’re growing up, brothers.”

“More,” I said, not moving. “Let me listen more.”

“Well,” said Georgie, “if you must have it, have it then. We went around, shop-working and the like, coming out with a pitiful handful of money each. And there’s Will the English in the Muscleman coffee place saying he can sell anything that any boy cares to try to work. The shiny stuff, the ice,” he said, still with these like cold eyes on me. “The big big big money is available is what Will the English says.”

“So,” I said, very comfortable outside but really irritated within.

“Since when have you been associating with Will the English?”

“Now and again,” said Georgie, “I get around all on my own time. Like last Sabbath for instance. I can live my own life, friend, right?”

I didn’t care for any of this, my brothers. “And what will you do,” I said, “with the big big big money as you so pompously call it? Have you not every thing you need? If you need a car you take it from the trees. If you need money you take it. Yes? Why this sudden desire for being the big bloated capitalist?”

“Ah,” said Georgie, “you think and talk sometimes like a little child.” Dim went huh huh huh at that. “Tonight,” said Georgie, “we pull a big job.”

So my dream had told the truth, then. Georgie the general saying what we should do and what not to do, Dim with the whip as mindless grinning bulldog. But I played with care, with great care, the greatest, saying, smiling: “Good. Really great. Initiative comes to those who wait. I have taught you much, little friend. Now tell me what you have in mind, Georgie-boy.”

“Oh,” said Georgie, cunning and crafty in his grin, “the old milk-plus first, would you not say? Something to sharpen us up, boy, but you especially, we having the start on you.”

“You have spoken my thoughts for me,” I smiled away. “I was about to suggest the dear old Korova. Good good good. Lead, little Georgie.” And I made with a deep bow, smiling like crazy but thinking all the time. But when we got into the street I understood that thinking is for the foolish ones and that the clever ones use like inspiration and what God sends. For now it was lovely music that came to my aid. There was a car going by and it had its radio on, and I could just hear a bit of Ludwig van (it was the Violin Concerto, last movement), and I understood right at once what to do. I said, in like a thick deep voice: “Right, Georgie, now,” and I whisked out my cut-throat razor. Georgie said: “Uh?” but he was quick enough with his knife, the blade coming out of the handle, and we were on to each other. Old Dim said: “Oh no, not right that isn’t, and made to uncoil the chain round his waist, but Pete said, putting his hand firm on old Dim: “Leave them. It’s right like that.” So then Georgie and I did the old quiet cat-stalk, looking for openings, knowing each other’s style a bit too well really. Georgie now and then going lurch lurch with his shining knife but not at all connecting. And all the time people passed by and saw all this but minded their own business, it being perhaps a common street sight. But then I counted one two three and went tap tap tap with the razor, though not at face or eyes but at Georgie’s knife-holding hand and, my little brothers, he dropped. He did. He dropped his knife with a tinkle on the hard winter sidewalk. I had just nicked his fingers with my razor, and there he was looking at the small dribble of blood that was coming out in the lamplight. “Now,” I said, and it was me that was starting, because Pete had given old Dim the order not to uncoil the weapon from round his waist and Dim had taken it, “now, Dim, let’s you and me have all this now, shall we?” Dim went, “Aaaaaaarhgh,” like some big crazy animal, and snaked out the chain from his waist really impressively and quickly, so you had to admire. Now the right style for me here was to keep low like in frog-dancing to protect face and eyes, and this I did, brothers, so that poor old Dim was a little bit surprised, him being accustomed to the straight face-on lash lash lash. Now I will say that he hit me hard on the back so that it stung like crazy, but that pain told me to dig in quickly once and for all and be done with old Dim. So I swished with the razor at his left leg in its very tight place and I slashed two inches of cloth and drew a small drop of blood to make Dim really crazy. Then while he went howling like a dog I tried the same style as for Georgie, banking all on one move—up, cross, cut—and I felt the razor go just deep enough in the meat of old Dim’s wrist and he dropped his snaking weapon yelping like a little child. Then he tried to drink in all the blood from his wrist and howl at the same time, and there was too much blood to drink and he went bubble bubble bubble, the red like fountaining out beautifully, but not for very long. I said:

“Right, my friends, now we should know. Yes, Pete?”

“I never said anything,” said Pete. “I never spoke one word. Look, old Dim’s bleeding to death.”

“Never,” I said. “One can die but once. Dim died before he was born. That red red blood will soon stop.” Because I had not cut into the main arteries. And I myself took a clean cloth from my bag to wrap round poor old dying Dim’s hand, howling and moaning as he was, and the blood stopped like I said it would, O my brothers. So they knew now who was master and leader, sheep, thought I.

It did not take long to quiet these two wounded friends down in the snug of the Duke of New York, what with large brandies (bought with their own money, me having given all to my dad, and a wipe with cloths dipped in the water-jug. The old girls we’d been so nice to last night were there again, going, “Thanks, lads” and “God bless you, boys” like they couldn’t stop, though we had not repeated the old trick with them. But Pete said: “What’s it to be, girls?” and bought beer for them, him seeming to have a fair amount of money in his pockets, so they were on louder than ever with their “God bless and keep you all, lads” and “We’d never tell on you, boys” and “The best lads breathing, that’s what you are.” At last I said to Georgie:

“Now we’re back to where we were, yes? Just like before and all forgotten, right?”

“Right right right,” said Georgie. But old Dim still looked a bit dazed and he even said: “I could have got that big guy, see, with my weapon, only some person got in the way,” as though he’d been messing not with me but with some other boy. I said:

“Well, Georgie-boy, what did you have in mind?”

“Oh,” said Georgie, “not tonight. Not this night, please.”

“You’re a big strong man,” I said, “like us all. We’re not little children, are we, Georgie-boy? What, then, did you have in your mind?”

“I could have chained his eyes real well,” said Dim, and the old ladies were still on with their “Thanks, lads.”

“It was this house, see,” said Georgie. “The one with the two lamps outside. The one with the strange name like.”

“What strange name?”

“The Mansion or the Manse or some such silly thing. Where this very fancy girl lives with her cats and all these very fancy valuable things.”

“Such as?”

“Gold and silver and like jewels. It was Will the English who like said.”

“I see,” I said. “I see great.” I knew where he meant—Oldtown, just beyond Victoria Flatblock. Well, the real great leader knows always when to give and show generously to his friends. “Very good, Georgie,” I said. “A good thought, and one to be followed. Let us at once go.”

And as we were going out the old ladies said: “We’ll say nothing, lads. Been here all the time you have, boys.” So I said: “Good old girls. Back to buy more in ten minutes.” And so I led my three friends out to my doom.

Just past the Duke of New York going east was offices and then there was the bright beaten-up library and then was the big flatblock called Victoria Flatblock after some victory or other, and then you came to the pretty ordinary type houses of the town in what was called Oldtown. You got some of the real great ancient homes here, my brothers, with bright loose women living in them, thin old barking like colonels with sticks and old women who were widows and deaf bright ladies with cats who, my brothers, had felt not the touch of any man in the whole of their pure lives. And here, true, there were bright things that would fetch their share of money on the tourist market—like pictures and jewels and other bright plastic things of that type. So we came nice and quiet to this house called the Manse, and there were globe lights outside on iron stalks, like guarding the front door on each side, and there was a light dim on in one of the rooms on the ground level, and we went to a nice patch of street dark to watch through the window what was going on. This window had iron bars in front of it, like the house was a prison, but we could see nice and clear what was going on.

What was going on was that this pretty lady, very grey in the hair and with a very thin like face, was pouring the old milk from a milk-bottle into saucers and then setting these saucers down on the floor, so you could tell there were plenty of mewing cats writhing about down there. And we could see one or two, great fat cats, jumping up on to the table with their mouths open going meow meow meow. And you could see this old lady talking back to them, speaking in like scolding language to her cats. In the room you could see a lot of old pictures on the walls and very elaborate clocks, also some like vases and ornaments that looked bright and expensive. Georgie whispered: “Real great money to be gotten for them, brothers. Will the English be real anxious.” Pete said: “How in?”

Now it was up to me, and quickly, before Georgie started telling us how. “First thing,” I whispered, “is to try the regular way, the front. I will go very polite and say that one of my friends has had a like funny fainting turn on the street. Georgie can be ready to show, when she opens, that way. Then to ask for water or to phone the doctor. Then in easy.” Georgie said:

“She may not open.” I said:

“We’ll try it, yes?” And he sort of shrugged his shoulders, making with a frog’s mouth. So I said to Pete and old Dim: “You two friends get either side of the door. Right?” They nodded in the dark right right right. “So,” I said to Georgie, and I made bold straight for the front door. There was a bell push and I pushed, and brrrrrrr brrrrr sounded down the hall inside. A similar sense of hearing followed, as though the lady and her cats all had their ears back at the brrrrrr brrrrrr, wondering. So I pushed the old bell a little bit more urgent. I then bent down to the letter-slit and called through in a refined like voice: “Help, madam, please. My friend has just had a funny turn on the street. Let me phone a doctor, please.” Then I could see a light being put on in the hall, and then I could hear the old lady’s feet going flip flap in flip-flap slippers closer to the front door, and I got the idea, I don’t know why, that she had a big fat cat under each arm. Then she called out in a very surprising deep like voice:

“Go away. Go away or I shoot.” Georgie heard that and wanted to giggle. I said, with like suffering and urgency in my gentleman’s voice:

“Oh, please help, madam. My friend’s very ill.”

“Go away,” she called. “I know your dirty tricks, making me open the door and then buy things I don’t want. Go away. I tell you.” That was real lovely innocence, that was. “Go away,” she said again, “or I’ll set my cats on to you.” A little bit crazy she was, you could tell that, through spending her life all on her strange ways. Then I looked up and I saw that there was a sash window above the front door and that it would be a lot more quick to just do the old shoulder climb and get in that way. Else there’d be this argument all the long night. So I said:

“Very well, madam. If you won’t help I must take my suffering friend elsewhere.” And I winked my friends all away quiet, only me crying out: “All right, old friend, you will surely meet some good Samaritan some place other. This old lady perhaps cannot be blamed for being suspicious with so many scoundrels and rogues of the night about. No, indeed not.”

Then we waited again in the dark and I whispered: “Right. Return to the door. Me stand on Dim’s shoulders. Open that window and me enter, friends. Then to shut up that old lady and open up for all. No trouble.” For I was like showing who was leader and the man with the ideas. “See,” I said. “Real great bit of stonework over that door, a nice hold for my feet.” They saw all that, admiring perhaps I thought, and said and nodded Right right right in the dark.

So back tiptoe to the door. Dim was our heavy strong boy and Pete and Georgie like heaved me up onto Dim’s big manly shoulders. All this time, O thanks to worldcasts on the gloopy TV and, more, ladies’ night-fear through lack of night-police, dead lay the street. Up there on Dim’s shoulders I saw that this stonework above the door would take my boots lovely. I kneeled up, brothers, and there I was.

The window, as I had expected, was closed, but I pulled out my knife and cracked the glass of the window smartly with the bony handle thereof. All the time below my friends were hard breathing. So I put in my hand through the crack and made the lower half of the window sail up open smooth and lovely. And I was, like getting into the bath, in. And there were my friends down below, their mouths open as they looked up, O brothers.

I was in bumpy darkness, with beds and cupboards and big heavy stools and piles of boxes and books about. But I strode manfully towards the door of the room I was in, seeing a crack of light under it. The door went squeeeeeeeeeeak and then I was on a dusty corridor with other doors. All this waste, brothers, meaning all these rooms and but one pretty sharp and her cats, but perhaps the cats had like separate bedrooms, living on cream and fish-heads like royal queens and princes. I could hear the muffled voice of this old lady down below saying: “Yes yes yes, that’s it,” but she would be speaking to these mewing kittens going meow for more milk.

Then I saw the stairs going down to the hall and I thought to myself that I would show these fickle and worthless friends of mine that I was worth the whole three of them and more. I would do all on my own. I would perform the old extreme violence on the pretty lady and on her cats if need be, then I would take fair hands full of what looked like real useful stuff and go waltzing to the front door and open up showering gold and silver on my waiting friends. They must learn all about leadership.

So down I went, slow and gentle, admiring in the stairwell dirty pictures of old time—girls with long hair and high collars, the like country with trees and horses, the holy bearded man all naked hanging on a cross. There was a real musty smell of cats and fish and bright dust in this house, different from the flatblocks. And then I was downstairs and I could see the light in this front room where she had been doling milk to the cats. More, I could see these great overstuffed cats going in and out with their tails waving and rubbing themselves on the door-bottom. On a big wooden chest in the dark hall I could see a nice little statue that shone in the light of the room, so I grabbed this for my own self, it being like a young thin girl standing on one foot with her hands out, and I could see this was made of silver. So I had this when I entered into the lit-up room, saying: “Hi hi hi. At last we meet. Our brief conversation through the letter-hole was not, shall we say, satisfactory, yes? Let us admit not, oh verily not, you stinking bright old lady.” And I blinked in the light at this room and the old lady in it. It was full of cats all crawling to and fro over the carpet, with bits of fur floating in the lower air, and these fat cats were all different shapes and colors, black, white, tabby, ginger, tortoiseshell, and of all ages, too, so that there were kittens playing about with each other and there were cats full-grown and there were real dribbling bright ones very bad-tempered. Their mistress, this old lady, looked at me fierce like a man and said:

“How did you get in? Keep your distance, you villainous young toad, or I shall be forced to strike you.”

I had a real great laugh at that, seeing that she had in her veiny hand a terrible wooden walking-stick which she raised at me threateningly. So, showing my shiny teeth, I moved a bit closer to her, taking my time, and on the way I saw on a kind of sideboard a lovely little item, the loveliest small item any boy fond of music like myself could ever hope to see with his own two eyes, for it was like the head and shoulders of Ludwig van himself, what they call a bust, a like stone thing with stone long hair and blind eyes and the big flowing cravat. I was off for that right away, saying: “Well, how lovely and all for me.” But moving towards it with my eyes fully on it and my greedy hand held out, I did not see the milk saucers on the floor and into one I went and sort of lost balance. “Whoops,” I said, trying to steady myself, but this old woman had come up behind me very sly and with great speed for her age and then she went crack crack on my head with her bit of a stick. So I found myself on my hands and knees trying to get up and saying: “Naughty, naughty naughty.” And then she was going crack crack crack again, saying: “Wretched little filthy pest, breaking into real people’s houses.” I didn’t like this crack crack noise, so I grasped hold of one end of her stick as it came down again and then she lost her balance and was trying to steady herself against the table, but then the table-cloth came off with a milk-jug and a milk-bottle going all drunk then scattering white liquid in all directions, then she was down on the floor, grunting, going: “Blast you, boy, you shall suffer.” Now all the cats were getting upset and running and jumping in a kind of cat-panic, and some were blaming each other, hitting out cat-hits with the old paw and meowing and growling and screeching. I got up on to my feet, and there was this nasty vindictive old lady with her wobbly neck shaking and grunting as she tried to lever herself up from the floor, so I gave her a small fair kick in the face, and she didn’t like that, crying: “Waaaaah,” and you could see her veiny mottled face going dark where I’d landed the old foot.

As I stepped back from the kick I must have like stepped on the tail of one of these dratsing screeching cats, because I heard a loud yowl and found that like fur and teeth and claws had like fastened themselves around my leg, and there I was cursing away and trying to shake it off holding this silver little statue in one hand and trying to climb over this old woman on the floor to reach lovely Ludwig van in frowning like stone. And then I was into another saucer brimful of creamy milk and nearly went flying again, the whole thing really a very humorous one if you could imagine it talking to some other person and not to Your Humble Narrator. And then the old lady on the floor reached over all the yelling cats and grabbed at my leg, still going “Waaaaah” at me, and, my balance being a bit gone, I went really crash this time, on to splashing milk and screaming cats, and the old lady started to hit me on the face, both of us being on the floor, screeching: “Beat him, thrash him, pull out his finger-nails, the poisonous young bug,” addressing her cats only, and then, as if obeying the old woman, a couple of cats got on to me and started scratching like crazy. So then I got really crazy myself, brothers, and hit out at them, but this old lady said: “Toad, don’t touch my kitties,” and like scratched my face. So then I shouted: “You filthy old hag,” and raised the little silver statue and hit her a fine fair blow on the head and that shut her up really great and lovely.

Now as I got up from the floor among all the screeching cats what should I hear but the sound of the old police car siren in the distance, and it dawned on me quickly that the old lady of the cats had been on the phone to the police when I thought she’d been talking to the meowing cats, her having got her suspicions quickly when I’d rung the old bell pretending for help. So now, hearing this fearful sound of the police van, I ran for the front door and had a hard time undoing all the locks and chains and bolts and other protective things. Then I got it open, and who should be on the doorstep but old Dim, me just being able to see the other two of my so-called friends running away. “Away,” I shouted to Dim. “The cops are coming.” Dim said: “You stay to meet them huh huh huh,” and then I saw that he had his gun out, and then he raised it and it snaked whishhh and he shot me gently and artfully on the eyelids, me just closing them up in time. Then I was howling around trying to see with this howling great pain, and Dim said: “I don’t like you should do what you did, old friend. Not right it wasn’t to get on to me like the way you did, brat.” And then I could hear his big clunky boots beating off, him going huh huh huh into the darkness, and it was only about seven seconds after that I heard the police van draw up with a filthy great loud siren, like some crazy animal snorting it. I was howling too and like swaying about and I banged my head smack on the hall-wall, my eyes being tight shut and the tears streaming from them, very agonizing. So there I was like groping in the hallway as the police arrived. I couldn’t see them, of course, but I could hear and damn near smell the scent of the bastards, and soon I could feel the bastards as they got rough and did the old twist-arm act, carrying me out. I could also hear one police voice saying from like the room I’d come out of with all the cats in it: “She’s been badly hurt but she’s breathing,” and there was loud meowing all the time.

“A real pleasure this is,” I heard another police voice say as I was pushed very roughly and quickly into the car. “Little Alex all to our own selves.” I shouted out:

“I’m blind, may God strike and bleed you, you filthy bastards.”

“Language, language,” like laughed a voice, and then I got a kind of backhand slap with some ringy hand or other full on the mouth. I said:

“God murder you, you filthy stinking wretches. Where are the others? Where are my stinking traitorous friends? One of my cursed filthy buddies shot me in the eyes. Get them before they get away. It was all their idea, brothers. They like forced me to do it. I’m innocent, may God butcher you.”

By this time they were all having like a good laugh at me with the height of like callousness, and they’d pushed me into the back of the car, but I still kept on about these so-called friends of mine and then I realized it would be no good, because they’d all be back now in the snug of the Duke of New York forcing drinks and double Scotches down the unprotesting throats of those stinking old ladies and they saying: “Thanks, lads. God bless you, boys. Been here all the time you have, lads. Not been out of our sight you haven’t.”

All the time we were driving off to the police station, me being wedged between two police officers and being given the odd thump and small hit by these laughing bullies. Then I found I could open up my eyes a little bit and see through all tears a kind of steamy city going by, all the lights like having run into one another. I could see now through smarting eyes these two laughing police officers at the back with me and the thin-necked driver and the fat-necked guy next to him, this one having a sarcastic talk at me, saying: “Well, Alex boy, we all look forward to a pleasant evening together, don’t we?” I said:

“How do you know my name, you stinking filthy bully? May God blast you to hell, you filthy wretch as you are, you fool.” So they all had a laugh at that and I had my face like twisted by one of these stinking police officers at the back with me. The fat-necked not-driver said:

“Everybody knows little Alex and his friends. Quite a famous young boy our Alex has become.”

“It’s those others,” I shouted. “Georgie and Dim and Pete. No friends of mine, the bastards.”

“Well,” said the fat-neck, “you’ve got the evening in front of you to tell the whole story of the daring exploits of those young gentlemen and how they led poor little innocent Alex astray.” Then there was the sound of another police siren passing this car but going the other way.

“Is that for those bastards?” I said. “Are they being picked up by you bastards?”

“That,” said fat-neck, “is an ambulance. Doubtless for your old lady victim, you ghastly wretched scoundrel.”

“It was all their fault,” I shouted, blinking my smarting eyes. “The bastards will be drinking away in the Duke of New York. Pick them up damn you, you filthy fools.” And then there was more laughing and another small hit, oh my brothers, on my poor smarting mouth. And then we arrived at the stinking police station and they helped me get out of the car with kicks and pulls and they pushed me up the steps and I knew I was going to get nothing like fair play from these nasty filthy guys, may God blast them.

But there were the voices of police telling them to shut it and you could even hear the sound of like somebody being hit real terrifying and going owwwwwwwww, and it was like the voice of a drunken starry bird, not a man. With me in this room were four police officers, all having a good loud cup of tea, a big pot of it being on the table and they sucking and belching away over their dirty large mugs. They didn’t offer me any. All that they gave me, my brothers, was a crappy starry mirror to look into, and indeed I was not your handsome young Narrator any longer but a real ugly sight, my mouth swollen and my eyes all red and my nose bumped a bit also. They all had a real terrifying smile when they saw my like dismay, and one of them said: “Love’s young nightmare like.” And then a top police officer came in with like stars on his shoulders to show he was high high high, and he looked at me and said: “Hm.” So then they started. I said:

“I won’t say one single solitary word unless I have my lawyer here. I know the law, you bastards.” Of course they all had a good loud laugh at that and then the top police officer said:

“Righty right, boys, we’ll start off by showing him that we know the law, too, but that knowing the law isn’t everything.” He had a like gentleman’s voice and spoke in a very weary sort of a way, and he nodded with a like friendly smile at one very big fat man. This big fat man took off his tunic and you could see he had a real big starry pot on him, then he came up to me not too quickly and I could get the smell of the milky tea he’d been drinking when he opened his mouth in a like very tired leery grin at me. He was not too well shaved for a police officer and you could see like patches of dried sweat on his shirt under the arms, and you could get this smell of like earwax from him as he came close. Then he clenched his stinking red fist and let me have it right in the belly, which was unfair, and all the other police officers laughed their heads off at that, except the top one and he kept on with this weary like bored grin. I had to lean against the white-washed wall so that all the white got on to my clothes, trying to drag the old breath back and in great agony, and then I wanted to throw up the gluey pie I’d had before the start of the evening. But I couldn’t stand that sort of thing, throwing all over the floor, so I held it back. Then I saw that this fatty bruiseboy was turning to his police droogs to have a real terrifying laugh at what he’d done, so I raised my right leg and before they could shout at him to watch out I’d kicked him smart and lovely on the shin. And he shouted murder, hopping around.

But after that they all had a turn, bouncing me from one to the other like some very weary bloody ball, O my brothers, and hitting me in the family jewels and the mouth and the belly and dealing out kicks, and then at last I had to throw up on the floor and, like some real crazy person, I even said: “Sorry, brothers, that was not the right thing at all. Sorry sorry sorry.” But they handed me starry bits of newspaper and made me wipe it, and then they made me sweep up the mess. And then they said, almost like dear old friends, that I was to sit down and we’d all have a quiet like talk. And then P. R. Deltoid came in to have a look, his office being in the same building, looking very tired and dirty, to say: “So it’s happened, Alex boy, yes? Just as I thought it would. Dear dear dear, yes.”

Then he turned to the police officers to say: “Evening, inspector. Evening, sergeant. Evening, evening, all. Well, this is the end of the line for me, yes. Dear dear, this boy does look messy, doesn’t he? Just look at the state of him.”

“Violence makes violence,” said the top police officer in a very holy type voice. “He resisted his lawful arresters.”

“End of the line, yes,” said P. R. Deltoid again. He looked at me with very cold eyes like I had become a thing and was no more a bleeding very tired battered person. “I suppose I’ll have to be in court tomorrow.”

“It wasn’t me, brother, sir,” I said, a little bit weepy. “Speak up for me, sir, for I’m not so bad. I was led on by the treachery of the others, sir.”

“Sings like a bird,” said the top cop, sneering. “Sings the roof off lovely, he does that.”

“I’ll speak,” said cold P. R. Deltoid. “I’ll be there tomorrow, don’t worry.”

“If you’d like to give him a slap in the face, sir,” said the top police officer, “don’t mind us. We’ll hold him down. He must be another great disappointment to you.”

P. R. Deltoid then did something I never thought any man like him, who was supposed to turn us bad boys into real lovely kids would do, especially with all those cops around. He came a bit nearer and he spat. He spat. He spat full in my face and then wiped his wet spitty mouth with the back of his hand. And I wiped and wiped and wiped my spat-on face with my bloody handkerchief, saying “Thank you, sir, thank you very much, sir, that was very kind of you, sir, thank you.” And then P. R. Deltoid walked out without another word.

The police officers now got down to making this long statement for me to sign, and I thought to myself, Hell and blast you all, if all you bastards are on the side of the Good then I’m glad I belong to the other side. “All right,” I said to them, “you dirty brats as you are, you stinking sods. Take it, take the lot. I’m not going to crawl around on my knees any more, you horrible gets. Where do you want it taken from, you filthy animals? From my last correctional? Lovely, lovely, here it is, then.” So I gave it to them, and I had this shorthand police officer, a very quiet and scared type person, no real cop at all, covering page after page after page after. I gave them the extreme violence, the fighting, the old in-out-in-out, the lot, right up to this night’s thing with the crazy starry bird with the mewing cats and kittens. And I made sure my so-called friends were in it, right up to the very end. When I’d got through the lot the shorthand police officer looked a bit faint, poor old man. The top cop said to him, in a kind type voice:

“Right, son, you go off and get a nice cup of tea for yourself and then type all that filth and rottenness out with a clothes-peg on your nose, three copies. Then they can be brought to our handsome young friend here for signature. And you,” he said to me, “can now be shown to your room with running water and all conveniences. All right,” in this weary voice to two of the real tough cops, “take him away.”

So I was kicked and punched and bullied off to the cells and put in with about ten or twelve other people, a lot of them drunk. There were real disgusting animal type men among them, one with his nose all eaten away and his mouth open like a big black hole, one that was lying on the floor snoring away and all like slime dribbling all the time out of his mouth, and one that had like done all his business in his pants. Then there were two like weird ones who both took a fancy to me, and one of them made a jump onto my back, and I had a real nasty bit of fighting with him and the smell on him, like of meth and cheap perfume, made me want to throw up again, only my belly was empty now, O my brothers. Then the other weird one started putting his hands on me, and then there was a snarling bit of fighting between these two, both of them wanting to get at me. The noise became very loud, so that a couple of police officers came along and struck into these two with like truncheons, so that both sat quiet then, looking like into space, and there was the old blood going drip drip drip down the face of one of them. There were bunks in this cell, but all filled. I climbed up to the top one of one tier of bunks, there being four in a tier, and there was a starry drunken man snoring away, most probably heaved up there to the top by the police officers. Anyway, I heaved him down again, him not being all that heavy, and he collapsed on top of a fat drunk person on the floor, and both woke and started shouting and punching sadly at each other. So I lay down on this disgusting bed, my brothers, and went to very tired and exhausted and hurt sleep. But it was not really like sleep, it was like passing out to another better world. And in this other better world, O my brothers, I was in like a big field with all flowers and trees, and there was a like goat with a man’s face playing away on a like flute. And there rose like the sun Ludwig van himself with thundery face and cravat and wild windy hair, and then I heard the Ninth, last movement, with the words all a bit mixed-up like they knew themselves they had to be mixed-up, this being a dream:

		Boy, thou uproarious shark of heaven,
		Slaughter of paradise,
		Hearts on fire, aroused, enraptured,
		We will hit you on the mouth and kick
		your filthy stinking bum.

But the tune was right, as I knew when I was being woke up two or ten minutes or twenty hours or days or years later, my watch having been taken away. There was a police officer like miles and miles down below and he was prodding at me with a long stick with a spike on the end, saying:

“Wake up, son. Wake up, my beauty. Wake to real trouble.”

I said:

“Why? Who? Where? What is it?” And the tune of the Joy ode in the Ninth was singing away real lovely and beautiful within, The police officer said:

“Come down and find out. There’s some real lovely news for you, my son.” So I scrambled down, very stiff and sore and not like really awake, and this cop, who had a strong smell of cheese and onions on him, pushed me out of the filthy snoring cell, and then along corridors, and all the time the old tune Joy Thou Glorious Spark Of Heaven was sparking away within. Then we came to a very neat like room with typewriters and flowers on the desks, and at the like chief desk the top police officer was sitting, looking very serious and fixing a like very cold stare on my sleepy face. I said:

“Well well well. What makes, bratty. What gives, this fine bright middle of the night?” He said:

“I’ll give you just ten seconds to wipe that stupid grin off of your face. Then I want you to listen.”

“Well, what?” I said, laughing. “Are you not satisfied with beating me near to death and having me spat upon and making me confess to crimes for hours on end and then shoving me among crazies and filthy perverts in that dirty cell? Have you some new torture for me, you brat?”

“It’ll be your own torture,” he said, serious. “I hope to God it’ll torture you to madness.”

And then, before he told me, I knew what it was. The old lady who had all the cats and kittens had passed on to a better world in one of the city hospitals. I’d hit her a bit too hard, like. Well, well, that was everything. I thought of all those cats and kittens crying for milk and getting none, not any more from their starry mistress. That was everything. I’d done it all, now and me still only fifteen.

Part Two

1

“What’s it going to be then, eh?”

I take it up now, and this is the real sad and like tragic part of the story beginning, my brothers and only friends, in State Jail Number 84F. You will have little desire to listen to all the awful and horrible details of the shock that sent my dad beating his bruised and bloody head against unfair like God in his Heaven, and my mum crying for owwwww owwwww owwwww in her mother’s grief at her only child and son of her heart like letting everybody down real great. Then there was the very grim magistrate in the lower court saying some very hard words against your Friend and Humble Narrator, after all the awful slander spat forth by P. R. Deltoid and the police, God blast them. Then there was being remanded in filthy custody among stinky perverts and criminals. Then there was the trial in the higher court with judges and a jury, and some very nasty words indeed said in a very solemn way, and then Guilty and my mum crying when they said Fourteen Years, O my brothers. So here I was now, two years just to the day of being kicked and clanged into State 84F, dressed in the height of prison fashion, which was a one-piece suit of a very filthy color, and the number sewn on the dirty part just above the old clock and on the back as well, so that going and coming I was 6655321 and not your little friend Alex no longer.

“What’s it going to be then, eh?”

It had not been like educational, indeed it had not, being in this filthy hellhole and like human zoo for two years, being kicked and hit by brutal bully guards and meeting stinky leering criminals, some of them real perverts and ready to drool all over a luscious young boy like your storyteller. And there was having to work in the workshop at making matchboxes and going round and round the yard for like exercise, and in the evenings sometimes some serious professor type guy would give a talk on beetles or the Milky Way or the Glorious Wonders of the Snowflake, and I had a good laugh at this last one, because it reminded me of that time of the beating and Sheer Vandalism with that old man coming from the public library on a winter’s night when my friends were still not traitors and I was like happy and free. Of those friends I had heard but one thing, and that was one day when my parents came to visit and I was told that Georgie was dead. Yes, dead, my brothers. Dead as a piece of dog waste on the road. Georgie had led the other two into a very rich man's house, and there they had kicked and hit the owner on the floor, and then Georgie had started to tear the cushions and curtains, and then old Dim had cracked at some very precious ornaments, like statues and so on, and this rich beaten-up man had raged like really mad and gone for them all with a very heavy iron bar. His being all worked up had given him some gigantic strength, and Dim and Pete had got out through the window, but Georgie had tripped on the carpet and then brought this terrible swinging iron bar crash and hit on the head, and that was the end of traitorous Georgie. The starry murderer had got off with Self Defence, as was really right and proper. Georgie being killed, though it was more than one year after me being caught by the police, it all seemed right and proper and like Fate.

“What’s it going to be then, eh?”

I was in the Wing Chapel, it being Sunday morning, and the prison officer was speaking the Word of the Lord. It was my duty to play the stereo, putting on solemn music before and after and in the middle too when hymns were sung. I was at the back of the Wing Chapel (there were four along here in State 84F) near where the guards were standing with their rifles and their dirty big blue brutal jaws, and I could see all the prisoners sitting down listening to the Word of the Lord in their horrible color prison clothes, and a sort of filthy smell rose from them, not really unwashed, not gross, but like a special real stinking smell which you only got with the criminal types, my brothers, a dusty, greasy, hopeless sort of a smell. And I was thinking that perhaps I had this smell too, having become a real prisoner myself, though still very young. So it was important to me, O my brothers, to get out of this stinking filthy zoo as soon as I could. And, as you will see if you keep reading on, it was not long before I did.

“What’s it going to be then, eh?” said the prison officer for the third time. “Is it going to be in and out and in and out of institutions, like this, though more in than out for most of you, or are you going to attend to the Divine Word and realize the punishments that await the unrepentant sinner in the next world, as well as in this? A lot of blasted idiots you are, most of you, selling your birthright for a saucer of cold porridge. The thrill of theft, or violence, the urge to live easy—is it worth it when we have undeniable proof, yes yes, incontrovertible evidence that hell exists? I know, I know, my friends, I have been informed in visions that there is a place, darker than any prison, hotter than any flame of human fire, where souls of unrepentant criminal sinners like yourselves—and don’t leer at me, damn you, don’t laugh—like yourselves, I say, scream in endless and intolerable agony, their noses choked with the smell of filth, their mouths crammed with burning waste, their skin peeling and rotting, a fireball spinning in their screaming guts. Yes, yes, yes, I know.”

At this point, brothers, a prisoner somewhere or other near the back row let out a sound—’Prrrrrp’—and then the brutal guards were on the job right away, rushing quickly to what they thought was the scene of the noise, then hitting out angrily and delivering blows, left and right. Then they picked out one poor trembling prisoner, very thin and small and starry too, and dragged him off, but all the time he kept crying: “It wasn’t me, it was him, see,” but that made no difference. He was hit real hard and then dragged out of the Wing Chapel screaming his head off.

“Now,” said the prison officer, “listen to the Word of the Lord.” Then he picked up the big book and flipped over the pages, keeping on wetting his fingers to do this by licking them. He was a big great burly man with a very red face, but he was very fond of me, me being young and also now very interested in the big book. It had been arranged as part of my further education to read in the book and even have music on the chapel stereo while I was reading, O my brothers. And that was really great.

They would lock me in and let me listen to holy music by J. S. Bach and G. F. Handel, and I would read of these starry Jews hitting each other and then drinking their Hebrew wine and getting on to the bed with their wives’ hand-maidens, really great. That kept me going, brothers. I didn’t so much understand the later part of the book, which is more like all preachy talking than fighting and the old in-out. But one day the officer said to me, squeezing me tight with his big beefy hand: “Ah, 6655321, think on the divine suffering. Meditate on that, my boy.” And all the time he had this rich smell of Scotch on him, and then he went off to his little office to drink some more. So I read all about the scourging and the crowning with thorns and then the cross thing and all that stuff, and I understood better that there was something in it. While the stereo played bits of lovely Bach I closed my eyes and imagined myself helping in and even taking charge of the hitting and the nailing in, being dressed in a toga that was the height of Roman fashion. So being in State 84F was not all that wasted, and the Governor himself was very pleased to hear that I had taken to like Religion, and that was where I had my hopes.

This Sunday morning the officer read out from the book about men who listened to the word and didn’t take a blind bit being like a house built upon sand, and then the rain came splash and the old thunder cracked the sky and that was the end of that house. But I thought that only a very dim man would have built his house upon sand, and a lot of real sneering friends and nasty neighbors a man like that would have, them not telling him how dim he was doing that sort of building. Then the officer shouted: “Right, you lot. We’ll end with Hymn Number 435 in the Prisoners’ Hymnal.” Then there was a crash and sound and a whoosh while the prisoners picked up and dropped and flipped the pages of their dirty little hymnbooks, and the bully fierce guards shouted: “Stop talking there, bastards. I’m watching you, 920537.” Of course I had the disc ready on the stereo, and then I let the simple music for organ only come belting out with a growwwwowwwwowwww. Then the prisoners started to sing real horrible:

		Weak tea are we, new brewed
		But stirring make all strong.
		We eat no angel’s food,
		Our times of trial are long.

They sort of howled and wept these stupid words with the guard like whipping them on with “Louder, damn you, sing up,” and the guards yelling: “Just you wait, 7749222,” and “One on the turnip coming up for you, filth.” Then it was all over and the guard said: “May the Holy Trinity keep you always and make you good, amen,” and the shuffle out began to a nice choice bit of Symphony No. 2 by Adrian Schweigselber, chosen by your Humble Narrator, O my brothers. What a lot they were, I thought, as I stood there by the starry chapel stereo, watching them all shuffle out going marrrrre and baaaaaa like animals and flipping me off with their dirty fingers at me, because it looked like I was very special favored. When the last one had slouched out, his hands hanging like an ape and the one guard left giving him a fair loud hit on the back of the head, and when I had turned off the stereo, the guard came up to me, puffing away at a cigarette, still in his starry prison uniform, all lacy and white like a girl’s. He said:

“Thank you as always, little 6655321. And what news have you got for me today?” The idea was, I knew, that this guard was after becoming a very great holy person in the world of Prison Religion, and he wanted a real excellent testimonial from the Governor, so he would go and talk quietly to the Governor now and then about what dark plots were brewing among the inmates, and he would get a lot of this information from me. A lot of it would be all like made up, but some of it would be true, like for instance the time it had come through to our cell on the waterpipes knock knock knock that big Harriman was going to break. He was going to hit the guard at slop-time and get out in the guard’s uniform. Then there was going to be a big throwing about of the horrible food we got in the dining-hall, and I knew about that and told. Then the guard passed it on and was complimented like by the Governor for his Public Spirit and Keen Ear. So this time I said, and this was not true:

“Well, sir, it has come through on the pipes that a consignment of cocaine has arrived by irregular means and that a cell somewhere along Tier 5 is to be the center of distribution.” I made all that up as I went along, like I made up so many of these stories, but the prison guard was very grateful, saying: “Good, good, good. I shall pass that on to Himself,” this being what he called the Governor. Then I said:

“Sir, I have done my best, have I not?” I always used my very polite gentleman’s voice talking with those at the top. “I’ve tried, sir, haven’t I?”

“I think,” said the guard, “that on the whole you have, 6655321. You’ve been very helpful and, I consider, shown a genuine desire to reform. You will, if you continue in this manner, earn your remission with no trouble at all.”

“But sir,” I said, “how about this new thing they’re talking about? How about this new treatment that gets you out of prison in no time at all and makes sure that you never get back in again?”

“Oh,” he said, very like wary. “Where did you hear this? Who’s been telling you these things?”

“These things get around, sir,” I said. “Two guards talk, as it might be, and somebody can’t help hearing what they say. And then somebody picks up a scrap of newspaper in the workshops and the newspaper says all about it. How about you putting me in for this thing, sir, if I may make so bold as to make the suggestion?”

You could see him thinking about that while he puffed away at his cigarette, wondering how much to say to me about what he knew about this thing I’d mentioned. Then he said:

“I take it you’re referring to Ludovico’s Technique.” He was still very wary.

“I don’t know what it’s called, sir,” I said. “All I know is that it gets you out quickly and makes sure that you don’t get in again.”

“That is so,” he said, his eyebrows furrowing while he looked down at me. “That is quite so, 6655321. Of course, it’s only in the experimental stage at the moment. It’s very simple but very drastic.”

“But it’s being used here, isn’t it, sir?” I said. “Those new white buildings by the South wall, sir. We’ve watched those being built, sir, when we’ve been doing our exercise.”

“It’s not been used yet,” he said, “not in this prison, 6655321. Himself has grave doubts about it. I must confess I share those doubts. The question is whether such a technique can really make a man good. Goodness comes from within, 6655321. Goodness is something chosen. When a man cannot choose he ceases to be a man.” He would have gone on with a lot more of this talk, but we could hear the next lot of inmates marching clank clank down the iron stairs to come for their bit of Religion. He said: “We’ll have a little chat about this some other time. Now you’d better start the voluntary.” So I went over to the starry stereo and put on J. S. Bach’s ‘Wachet Auf’ Choral Prelude and in these dirty smelly criminals and perverts came shambling like a lot of broke-down apes, the guards like barking at them and lashing them. And soon the prison guard was asking them: “What’s it going to be then, eh?” And that’s where you came in.

We had four of these sections of like Prison Religion that morning, but the guards said no more to me about this Ludovico’s Technique, whatever it was, O my brothers. When I’d finished my time with the stereo he just said a few words of thanks and then I was taken back to the cell on Tier 6 which was my very filthy and crammed home. The guard was not really too bad of a guy and he did not hit or kick me when he’d opened up, he just said: “Here we are, sonny, back to the old place.” And there I was with my new type friends, all very criminal but, God be praised, not given to perversions of the body. There was Zophar on his bunk, a very thin and brown guy who went on and on and on in his like raspy voice, so that nobody bothered to listen. What he was saying now like to nobody was “And at that time you couldn’t get hold of a good one” (whatever that was, brothers), “not if you was to hand over ten million dollars, so what do I do, eh, I go down to Turkey’s and say I’ve got this job on that morrow, see, and what can he do?” It was all this very old-time real criminal’s slang he spoke. Also there was Wall, who had only one eye, and he was tearing bits of his toe-nails off in honor of Sunday. Also there was Big Jew, a very fat sweaty guy lying flat on his bunk like dead. In addition there was Jojohn and The Doctor. Jojohn was very mean and keen and wiry and had specialized in like Sexual Assault, and The Doctor had pretended to be able to cure syphilis and gonorrhea but he had only injected water, also he had killed off two girls instead, like he had promised, of getting rid of their unwanted pregnancies for them. They were a terrible dirty lot really, and I didn’t enjoy being with them, O my brothers, any more than you do now, but it won’t be for much longer.

Now what I want you to know is that this cell was intended for only three when it was built, but there were six of us there, all jammed together sweaty and tight. And that was the state of all the cells in all the prisons in those days, brothers, and a dirty disgrace it was, there not being decent room for a person to stretch his limbs. And you will hardly believe what I say now, which is that on this Sunday they brought in another inmate. Yes, we had had our horrible food of dumplings and foul stew and were smoking a quiet cigarette each on our bunks when this guy was thrown into our midst.

He was a sniveling clean guy and it was him who started shouting complaints before we even had a chance to see the situation. He tried to shake the bars, shouting: “I demand my rights, this one’s full-up, it’s a bleeding imposition, that’s what it is.” But one of the guards came back to say that he had to make the best of it and share a bunk with whoever would let him, otherwise it would have to be the floor. “And,” said the guard, “it’s going to get worse, not better. A right dirty criminal world you lot are trying to build.”

2

Well, it was the letting-in of this new person that was really the start of my getting out of the old State Jail, for he was such a nasty quarrelsome type of prisoner, with a very dirty mind and filthy intentions, that trouble started that very same day. He was also very boastful and started to make with a very sneery face at us all and a loud proud voice. He made out that he was the only real great criminal in the whole zoo, going on that he’d done this and done the other and killed ten policemen with one crack of his hand and all that rubbish. But nobody was very impressed, O my brothers. So then he started on me, me being the youngest there, trying to say that as the youngest I ought to be the one to sleep on the floor and not him. But all the others were for me, shouting: “Leave him alone, you dirty bastard,” and then he began the old whine about how nobody loved him. So that same night I woke up to find this horrible prisoner actually lying with me on my bunk, which was on the bottom of the three-tier and also very narrow, and he was talking dirty like love-words and stroke stroke stroking away. So then I got real crazy and lashed out, though I could not see all that well, there being only this small little red light outside on the landing. But I knew it was this one, the smelly bastard, and then when the trouble really got under way and the lights were turned on I could see his horrible face with all blood dripping from his mouth where I’d hit out with my clawing hand.

What happened then, of course, was that me cell-mates woke up and started to join in, hitting a bit wild in the near-dark, and the noise seemed to wake up the whole tier, so that you could hear a lot of shouting and banging about with tin mugs on the wall, as though all the prisoners in all the cells thought a big break was about to commence, O my brothers. So then the lights came on and the guards came along in their shirts and trousers and caps, waving big sticks. We could see each other’s flushed faces and the shaking of fisty hands, and there was a lot of shouting and cursing.

Then I put in my complaint and every guard said it was probably your Humble Narrator, brothers, that started it all anyway, me having no mark of a scratch on me but this horrible prisoner dipping red red blood from the mouth where I’d got him with my clawing hand. That made me real crazy. I said I would not sleep another night in that cell if the Prison Authorities were going to allow horrible smelly stinking perverted criminals to leap on my body when I was in no position to defend myself, being asleep. “Wait till the morning,” they said. “Is it a private room with bath and television that your honour requires? Well, all that will be seen to in the morning. But for the present, little friend, get your bleeding head down on your straw-filled pillow and let’s have no more trouble from anyone. Right right right?” Then off they went with stern warnings for all, then soon after the lights went out, and then I said I would sit up all the rest of the night, saying first to this horrible criminal: “Go on, get on my bunk if you wish it. I fancy it no longer. You have made it filthy and shitty with your horrible smelly body lying on it already.” But then the others joined in. Big Jew said, still sweating from the bit of a fight we’d had in the dark:

“Not having that we’re not, brotherth. Don’t give in to the thquirt.” So this new one said:

“Crash your mouth, yid,” meaning to shut up, but it was very insulting. So then Big Jew got ready to launch a blow. The Doctor said:

“Come on, gentlemen, we don’t want any trouble, do we?” in his very high-class voice, but this new criminal was really asking for it. You could see that he thought he was a very big sturdy man and it was beneath his dignity to be sharing a cell with six and having to sleep on the floor till I made this gesture at him. In his sneery way he tried to take off The Doctor, saying:

“Owwww, yew wahnt noo moor trouble, is that it, Archiballs?” So Jojohn, mean and keen and wiry, said:

“If we can’t have sleep let’s have some education. Our new friend here had better be taught a lesson.” Although he like specialized in Sexual Assault he had a nice way of talking, quiet and like precise. So the new prisoner sneered:

“Kish and kosh and koosh, you little terror.” So then it all really started, but in a queer like gentle way, with nobody raising his voice much. The new prisoner shouted a small bit at first, but the Wall fisted his mouth while Big Jew held him up against the bars so that he could be seen in the small red light from the landing, and he just went oh oh oh. He was not a very strong type of man, being very feeble in his trying to hit back, and I suppose he made up for this by being noisy in the voice and very boastful. Anyway, seeing the old blood flow red in the red light, I felt the old joy like rising up in my guts and I said:

“Leave him to me, go on, let me have him now, brothers.” So Big Jew said:

“Yeth, yeth, boyth, that’th fair. Thlosh him then, Alekth.” So they all stood around while I cracked at this criminal in the near dark. I fisted him all over, dancing about with my boots on though unlaced, and then I tripped him and he went crash crash on to the floor. I gave him one real great kick on the head and he went ohhhh, then he sort of snorted off to like sleep, and The Doctor said:

“Very well, I think that wil be enough of a lesson,” squinting to see this downed and beaten-up man on the floor. “Let him dream perhaps about being a better boy in the future.” So we all climbed back into our bunks, being very tired now.

What I dreamt of, O my brothers, was of being in some very big orchestra, hundreds and hundreds strong, and the conductor was a like mixture of Ludwig van and G. F. Handel, looking very deaf and blind and weary of the world. I was with the wind instruments, but what I was playing was like a white pinky bassoon made of flesh and growing out of my body, right in the middle of my belly, and when I blew into it I had to laugh ha ha ha very loud because it like tickled, and then Ludwig van G. F. got very angry and crazy. Then he came right up to my face and shouted loud in my ear, and then I woke up like sweating. Of course, what the loud noise really was was the prison buzzer going brrrrr brrrrr brrrrr. It was winter morning and my eyes were all shitty with sleepglue, and when I opened up they were very sore in the electric light that had been switched on all over the zoo. Then I looked down and saw this new criminal lying on the floor, very bloody and bruisy and still out out out. Then I remembered about last night and that made me laugh a bit.

But when I got off the bunk and moved him with my bare foot, there was a feel of like stiff coldness, so I went over to The Doctor’s bunk and shook him, him always being very slow at waking up in the morning. But he was off his bunk quickly enough this time, and so were the others, except for Wall who slept like dead meat. “Very unfortunate,” The Doctor said. “A heart attack, that’s what it must have been.”

Then he said, looking round at us all: “You really shouldn’t have gone for him like that. It was most ill-advised really.”

Jojohn said:

“Come come, doc, you weren’t all that backward yourself in giving him a sly bit of fist.” Then Big Jew turned on me, saying:

“Alekth, you were too impetuouth. That latht kick wath a very very nathty one.” I began to get angry about this and said:

“Who started it, eh? I only got in at the end, didn’t I?” I pointed at Jojohn and said: “It was your idea.” Wall snored a bit loud, so I said: “Wake that smelly bastard up. It was him that kept on at his mouth while Big Jew here had him up against the bars.” The Doctor said:

“Nobody will deny having a little hit at the man, to teach him a lesson so to speak, but it’s apparent that you, my dear boy, with the forcefulness and, shall I say, heedlessness of youth, dealt him the coup de grâce. It’s a great pity.”

“Traitors,” I said. “Traitors and liars,” because I could see it was all like before, two years before, when my so-called friends had left me to the brutal hands of the police. There was no trust anywhere in the world, O my brothers, the way I could see it. And Jojohn went and woke up Wall, and Wall was only too ready to swear that it was Your Humble Narrator that had done the real dirty hitting and brutality. When the guards came along, and then the Chief Guard, and then the Governor himself, all these cell-friends of mine were very noisy with tales of what I’d done to kill this worthless pervert whose blood-covered body lay sacklike on the floor.

That was a very queer day, O my brothers. The dead body was carried off, and then everybody in the whole prison had to stay locked up until further orders, and there was no food given out, not even a mug of hot tea. We just all sat there, and the warders or guards sort of strode up and down the tier, now and then shouting “Shut it” or “Close that hole” whenever they heard even a whisper from any of the cells.

Then about eleven o’clock in the morning there was a sort of like stiffening and excitement and like the smell of fear spreading from outside the cell, and then we could see the Governor and the Chief Guard and some very big important-looking people walking by real quickly, talking like crazy. They seemed to walk right to the end of the tier, then they could be heard walking back again, more slow this time, and you could hear the Governor, a very sweaty fatty fair-haired man, saying words like “But, sir—” and “Well, what can be done, sir?” and so on. Then the whole lot stopped at our cell and the Chief Guard opened up. You could see who was the real important man right away, very tall and with blue eyes and with real great clothes on him, the most lovely suit, brothers, I have ever seen, absolutely in the height of fashion. He just sort of looked right through us poor prisoners, saying, in a very beautiful real educated voice: “The Government cannot be concerned any longer with outmoded penological theories. Cram criminals together and see what happens. You get concentrated criminality, crime in the midst of punishment. Soon we may be needing all our prison space for political offenders.” I didn’t understand this at all, brothers, but after all he was not talking to me. Then he said: “Common criminals like this unsavoury crowd”—(that meant me, brothers, as well as the others, who were real criminals and treacherous with it)—“can best be dealt with on a purely curative basis. Kill the criminal reflex, that’s all. Full implementation in a year’s time. Punishment means nothing to them, you can see that. They enjoy their so-called punishment. They start murdering each other.” And he turned his stern blue eyes on me. So I said, bold:

“With respect, sir, I object very strongly to what you said then. I am not a common criminal, sir, and I am not unsavoury. The others may be unsavoury but I am not.” The Chief Guard went all purple and shouted:

“You shut your bleeding hole, you. Don’t you know who this is?”

“All right, all right,” said this big man. Then he turned to the Governor and said: “You can use him as a trail-blazer. He’s young, bold, vicious. Brodsky will deal with him tomorrow and you can sit in and watch Brodsky. It works all right, don’t worry about that. This vicious young hoodlum will be transformed out of all recognition.”

And those hard words, brothers, were like the beginning of my freedom.

3

That very same evening I was dragged down nice and gentle by brutal hitting guards to see the Governor in his holy of holies holy office. The Governor looked very weary at me and said: “I don’t suppose you know who that was this morning, do you, 6655321?” And without waiting for me to say no he said: “That was no less a personage than the Minister of the Interior, the new Minister of the Interior and what they call a very new broom. Well, these new ridiculous ideas have come at last and orders are orders, though I may say to you in confidence that I do not approve. I most emphatically do not approve. An eye for an eye, I say. If someone hits you you hit back, do you not? Why then should not the State, very severely hit by you brutal hooligans, not hit back also? But the new view is to say no. The new view is that we turn the bad into the good. All of which seems to me grossly unjust. Hm?” So I said, trying to be like respectful and accommodating:

“Sir.” And then the Chief Officer, who was standing all red and burly behind the Governor’s chair, yelled:

“Shut your filthy mouth, you scum.”

“All right, all right,” said the tired and worn-out Governor. “You, 6655321, are to be reformed. Tomorrow you go to this man Brodsky. It is believed that you will be able to leave State Custody in a little over two weeks. In a little over two weeks you will be out again in the big free world, no longer a number. I suppose,” and he snorted a bit here, “that prospect pleases you?” I said nothing so the Chief Officer yelled:

“Answer, you filthy young swine, when the Governor asks you a question.” So I said:

“Oh, yes, sir. Thank you very much, sir. I’ve done my best here, really I have. I’m very grateful to all concerned.”

“Don’t be,” sighed the Governor. “This is not a reward. This is far from being a reward. Now, there is a form here to be signed. It says that you are willing to have the remainder of your sentence commuted to submission to what is called here, ridiculous expression, Reclamation Treatment. Will you sign?”

“Most certainly I will sign,” I said, “sir. And many thanks.” So I was given a pen and I signed my name nicely and clearly. The Governor said:

“Right. That’s the lot, I think.” The Chief Officer said:

“The Prison Chaplain would like a word with him, sir.” So I was marched out and off down the corridor towards the Wing Chapel, hit on the back and the head all the way by one of the officers, but in a very tired and bored manner. And I was marched across the Wing Chapel to the little office of the Chaplain and then made to go in. The Chaplain was sitting at his desk, smelling loudly and clearly of a fine brand of expensive cigarettes and Scotch. He said:

“Ah, little 6655321, be seated.” And to the officers: “Wait outside, eh?” Which they did. Then he spoke in a very serious way to me, saying: “One thing I want you to understand, boy, is that this is nothing to do with me. Were it convenient, I would protest about it, but it is not convenient. There is the question of my own career, there is the question of the weakness of my own voice when set against the shout of certain more powerful elements in the government. Do I make myself clear?” He didn’t, brothers, but I nodded that he did. “Very hard ethical questions are involved,” he went on. “You are to be made into a good boy, 6655321. Never again will you have the desire to commit acts of violence or to offend in any way whatsoever against the State’s Peace. I hope you take all that in. I hope you are absolutely clear in your own mind about that.” I said:

“Oh, it will be nice to be good, sir.” But I had a real great laugh at that inside, brothers. He said:

“It may not be nice to be good, little 6655321. It may be horrible to be good. And when I say that to you I realize how self-contradictory that sounds. I know I shall have many sleepless nights about this. What does God want? Does God want goodness or the choice of goodness? Is a man who chooses the bad perhaps in some ways better than a man who has the good forced upon him? Deep and hard questions, little 6655321. But all I want to say to you now is this: if at any time in the future you look back to these times and remember me, the lowest and humblest of all God’s servants, do not, I pray, think evil of me in your heart, thinking me in any way involved in what is now about to happen to you. And now, talking of praying, I realize sadly that there will be little point in praying for you. You are passing now to a region where you will be beyond the reach of the power of prayer. A terrible, terrible thing to consider. And yet, in a sense, in choosing to be deprived of the ability to make an ethical choice, you have in a sense really chosen the good. So I shall like to think. So, God help us all, 6655321, I shall like to think.” And then he began to cry. But I didn’t really take much notice of that, brothers only having a bit of a quiet laugh inside because you could see that he had been drinking away at the old whisky, and now he took a bottle from a cupboard in his desk and started to pour himself a real generous drink into a very greasy and dirty glass. He downed it and then said: “All may be well, who knows? God works in mysterious ways.” Then he began to sing away at a hymn in a really loud rich voice. Then the door opened and the officers came in to push me back to my filthy cell, but the old Chaplain still went on singing this hymn.

Well, the next morning I had to say good-bye to the old Prison, and I felt a little bit sad as you always will when you have to leave a place you’ve gotten used to. But I didn’t go very far, O my brothers. I was punched and kicked along to the new white building just beyond the yard where we used to do our bit of exercise. This was a very new building and it had a new cold kind of smell which gave you a bit of the shivers. I stood there in the horrible big bare hall and I got new scents, sniffing away there with my very sensitive nose. These were like hospital scents, and the man the officers handed me over to had a white coat on, as he might be a hospital man. He signed for me, and one of the brutal officers who had brought me said: “You watch this one, sir. A right brutal bastard he has been and will be again, in spite of all his sucking up to the Prison Chaplain and reading the Bible.” But this new man had real nice blue eyes which smiled when he greeted me. He said:

“Oh, we don’t anticipate any trouble. We’re going to be friends, aren’t we?” And he smiled with his eyes and his fine big mouth which was full of shining white teeth and I sort of took to this guy right away. Anyway, he passed me on to a lesser man in a white coat, and this one was very nice too, and I was led off to a very nice white clean bedroom with curtains and a bedside lamp, and just one bed in it, all for Your Humble Narrator. So I had a real great internal laugh at that, thinking I was really a very lucky young boy. I was told to take off my horrible prison clothes and I was given a really beautiful set of pajamas, O my brothers, in plain green, the height of sleepwear fashion. And I was given a nice warm dressing-gown too and lovely slippers to put my bare feet in, and I thought: “Well, Alex boy, little 6655321 as was, you have got very lucky, no mistake. You are really going to enjoy it here.”

After I had been given a nice cup of really great coffee and some old newspapers and magazines to look at while drinking it, this first guy in white came in, the one who had signed for me, and he said: “Aha, there you are,” a silly sort of thing to say but it didn’t sound silly, this guy being so nice. “My name,” he said, “is Dr. Branom. I’m Dr. Brodsky’s assistant. With your permission, I’ll just give you the usual brief overall examination.” And he took the old stethoscope out of his right pocket. “We must make sure you’re quite fit, mustn’t we? Yes indeed, we must.” So while I lay there with my pajama top off and he did this and that, I said:

“What exactly is it, sir, that you’re going to do?”

“Oh,” said Dr. Branom, his cold stethoscope going all down my back, “it’s quite simple, really. We just show you some films.”

“Films?” I said. I could hardly believe my eyes, brothers, as you may well understand. “You mean,” I said, “it will be just like going to the movies?”

“They’ll be special films,” said Dr. Branom. “Very special films. You’ll be having the first session this afternoon. Yes,” he said, getting up from bending over me, “you seem to be quite a fit young boy. A bit under-nourished perhaps. That will be the fault of the prison food. Put your pajama top back on. After every meal,” he said, sitting on the edge of the bed, “we shall be giving you a shot in the arm. That should help.” I felt really grateful to this very nice Dr. Branom. I said:

“Vitamins, sir, will it be?”

“Something like that,” he said, smiling really warmly and friendly, “just a jab in the arm after every meal.” Then he went out. I lay on the bed thinking this was like real heaven, and I read some of the magazines they’d given me—‘Worldsport,’ ‘Cinema’ (this being a film magazine) and ‘Goal.’ Then I lay back on the bed and shut my eyes and thought how nice it was going to be out there again, Alex with perhaps a nice easy job during the day, me being now too old for the old hard work, and then perhaps getting a new group together for the night, and the first thing would be to get old Dim and Pete, if they had not been caught already by the police. This time I would be very careful not to get caught. They were giving another chance, me having done murder and all, and it would not be fair to get caught again after going to all this trouble to show me films that were going to make me a real good boy. I had a real great laugh at everybody’s innocence, and I was laughing my head off when they brought in my lunch on a tray. The guy who brought it was the one who’d led me to this small bedroom when I came into the place, and he said:

“It’s nice to know somebody’s happy.” It was really a very nice appetizing bit of food they’d laid out on the tray—two or three slices of hot roast beef with mashed potatoes and vegetables, then there was also ice cream and a nice hot cup of tea. And there was even a cigarette to smoke and a matchbox with one match in. So this looked like it was the life, O my brothers. Then, about half an hour later while I was lying a bit sleepy on the bed, a woman nurse came in, a really nice young lady with amazing features (I had not seen such for two years) and she had a tray and a hypodermic needle. I said:

“Ah, the old vitamins, eh?” And I smiled at her but she took no notice. All she did was to slam the needle into my left arm, and then swishhhh in went the vitamin stuff. Then she went out again, clack clack on her high-heeled shoes. Then the white-coated guy who was like a male nurse came in with a wheelchair. I was a bit surprised to see that. I said:

“What’s happening then, brother? I can walk, surely, to wherever we have to go.” But he said:

“Best I push you there.” And indeed, O my brothers, when I got off the bed I found myself a little bit weak. It was the under-nourishment like Dr. Branom had said, all that horrible prison food. But the vitamins in the after-meal injection would put me right. No doubt at all about that, I thought.

4

Where I was wheeled to, brothers, was like no cinema I had ever seen before. True enough, one wall was all covered with silver screen, and direct opposite was a wall with square holes in for the projector to project through, and there were stereo speakers stuck all over the place. But against the right-hand one of the other walls was a bank of all like little meters, and in the middle of the floor facing the screen was like a dentist’s chair with all lengths of wire running from it, and I had to like crawl from the wheelchair to this, being given some help by another like male nurse man in a white coat. Then I noticed that underneath the projection holes was like all frosted glass and I thought I saw shadows of like people moving behind it and I thought I heard somebody cough cough cough cough. But then all I could like notice was how weak I seemed to be, and I put that down to changing over from prison food to this new rich food and the vitamins injected into me. “Right,” said the wheelchair-wheeling man, “now I’ll leave you. The show will commence as soon as Dr. Brodsky arrives. Hope you enjoy it.” To be truthful, brothers, I did not really feel that I wanted to see any film-show this afternoon. I was just not in the mood. I would have liked much better to have a nice quiet sleep on the bed, nice and quiet and all on my own. I felt very limp.

What happened now was that one white-coated man strapped my head to a like head-rest, singing to himself all the time some smelly dirty pop-song. “What’s this for?” I said. And this man replied, interrupting his like song an instant, that it was to keep my head still and make me look at the screen. “But,” I said, “I want to look at the screen. I’ve been brought here to see films and see films I shall.” And then the other white-coat man (there were three altogether, one of them a girl who was like sitting at the bank of meters and twiddling with knobs) had a bit of a laugh at that.

He said:

“You never know. Oh, you never know. Trust us, friend. It’s better this way.” And then I found they were strapping my hands to the chair-arms and my feet were like stuck to a foot-rest. It seemed a bit crazy to me but I let them get on with what they wanted to get on with. If I was to be a free young boy again in a fortnight’s time I would put up with much in the meantime, O my brothers. One thing I did not like, though, was when they put like clips on the skin of my forehead, so that my top eye-lids were pulled up and up and up and I could not shut my eyes no matter how I tried. I tried to laugh and said: “This must be a real great film if you’re so keen on my seeing it.” And one of the white-coat men said, laughing:

“Great is right, friend. A real show of horrors.” And then I had like a cap stuck on my head and I could see all wires running away from it, and they stuck a like suction pad on my belly and one on the old heart, and I could just about see wires running away from those. Then there was the noise of a door opening and you could tell some very important man was coming in by the way the white-coated under-men went all stiff. And then I saw this Dr. Brodsky. He was a small man, very fat, with all curly hair curling all over his head, and on his spuddy nose he had very thick glasses. I could just see that he had a real great suit on, absolutely the height of fashion, and he had a like very delicate and subtle smell of operating-theatres coming from him. With him was Dr. Branom, all smiling like as though to give me confidence. “Everything ready?” said Dr. Brodsky in a very breathy voice. Then I could hear voices saying Right right right from like a distance, then nearer to, then there was a quiet like humming noise as though things had been switched on. And then the lights went out and there was Your Humble Narrator And Friend sitting alone in the dark, all on his frightened own, not able to move nor shut his eyes nor anything. And then, O my brothers, the film-show started off with some very loud atmosphere music coming from the speakers, very fierce and full of discord. And then on the screen the picture came on, but there was no title and no credits. What came on was a street, as it might have been any street in any town, and it was a real dark night and the lamps were lit. It was a very good like professional piece of cinema, and there were none of these flickers and blobs you get, say, when you see one of these dirty films in somebody’s house in a back street. All the time the music bumped out, very like sinister. And then you could see an old man coming down the street, very old, and then there leaped out on this old man two boys dressed in the height of fashion, as it was at this time (still thin trousers but no like cravat any more, more of a real tie), and then they started to mess around with him. You could hear the screams and moans, very realistic, and you could even get the like heavy breathing and panting of the two hitting boys. They made a real pudding out of this old man, going crack crack crack at him with the fisty hands, tearing his clothes off and then finishing up by booting his naked body (this lay all blood-red in the dirty mud of the gutter) and then running off very quickly. Then there was the close-up head of this beaten-up old man, and the blood flowed beautiful red. It’s funny how the colours of the like real world only seem really real when you see them on the screen.

Now all the time I was watching this I was beginning to get very aware of a like not feeling all that well, and this I put down to the under-nourishment and my stomach not quite ready for the rich food and vitamins I was getting here. But I tried to forget this, concentrating on the next film which came on at once, brothers, without any break at all. This time the film jumped right away on a young girl who was being given the old in-out by first one boy then another then another then another, she screaming away very loudly through the speakers and like very pathetic and tragic music going on at the same time. This was real, very real, though if you thought about it properly you couldn’t imagine people actually agreeing to having all this done to them in a film, and if these films were made by the Good or the State you couldn’t imagine them being allowed to take these films without like interfering with what was going on. So it must have been very clever what they call cutting or editing or some such thing. For it was very real. And when it came to the sixth or seventh boy leering and laughing and then going into it and the girl screaming on the sound-track like crazy, then I began to feel sick. I had like pains all over and felt I could sick up and at the same time not sick up, and I began to feel like in distress, O my brothers, being fixed rigid too on this chair. When this bit of film was over I could hear the voice of this Dr. Brodsky from over by the switchboard saying: “Reaction about twelve point five? Promising, promising.”

Then we shot straight into another piece of film, and this time it was of just a human face, a very like pale human face held still and having different nasty things done to it. I was sweating a little bit with the pain in my guts and a horrible thirst and my head going throb throb throb, and it seemed to me that if I could not see this bit of film I would perhaps be not so sick. But I could not shut my eyes, and even if I tried to move my eyeballs about I still could not get like out of the line of fire of this picture. So I had to go on seeing what was being done and hearing the most ghastly screams coming from this face. I knew it could not really be real, but that made no difference. I was heaving away but could not sick, seeing first a razor cut out an eye, then slice down the cheek, then go rip rip rip all over, while red blood shot on to the camera lens. Then all the teeth were like wrenched out with a pair of pliers, and the screaming and the blood were terrific. Then I heard this very pleased voice of Dr. Brodsky going: “Excellent, excellent, excellent.”

The next piece of film was of an old woman who kept a shop being kicked about amid very loud laughter by a lot of boys, and these boys broke up the shop and then set fire to it. You could see this poor old woman trying to crawl out of the flames, screaming and shouting, but having had her leg broke by these boys kicking her she could not move. So then all the flames went roaring round her, and you could see her agonized face like appealing through the flames and the disappearing in the flames, and then you could hear the most loud and agonized and agonizing screams that ever came from a human voice. So this time I knew I had to sick up, so I screamed:

“I want to be sick. Please let me be sick. Please bring something for me to be sick into.” But this Dr. Brodsky called back:

“Imagination only. You’ve nothing to worry about. Next film coming up.” That was perhaps meant to be a joke, for I heard a like laugh coming from the dark. And then I was forced to see a most nasty film about Japanese torture. It was the 1939–45 War, and there were soldiers being fixed to trees with nails and having fires lit under them and having their testicles cut off, and you even saw a head being sliced off a soldier with a sword, and then with his head rolling about and the mouth and eyes looking alive still, the body of this soldier actually ran about, bleeding like a fountain out of the neck, and then it dropped, and all the time there was very very loud laughter from the Japanese. The pains I felt now in my belly and the headache and the thirst were terrible, and they all seemed to be coming out of the screen. So I screamed:

“Stop the film! Please, please stop it! I can’t stand any more.” And then the voice of this Dr. Brodsky said:

“Stop it? Stop it, did you say? Why, we’ve hardly started.” And he and the others laughed quite loud.

5

I do not wish to describe, brothers, what other horrible things I was forced to see that afternoon. The like minds of this Dr. Brodsky and Dr. Branom and the others in white coats, and remember there was this girl fiddling with the knobs and watching the meters, they must have been more cruel and filthy than any worthless person in the institution itself. Because I did not think it was possible for any person to even think of making films of what I was forced to see, all tied to this chair and my eyes made to be wide open. All I could do was to scream very loudly for them to turn it off, turn it off, and that part drowned the noise of shouting and screaming and also the music that went with it all. You can imagine it was like a terrible relief when I’d seen the last bit of film, and this Dr. Brodsky said, in a very tired and bored voice: “I think that should be enough for Day One, don’t you, Branom?” And there I was with the lights switched on, my head throbbing like a big engine that makes pain, and my mouth all dry and cruel inside, and feeling I could throw up every bit of food I had ever eaten, O my brothers, since the day I was weaned. “All right,” said this Dr. Brodsky, “he can be taken back to his bed.” Then he patted me on the shoulder and said: “Good, good. A very promising start,” grinning all over his face, then he waddled out, Dr. Branom after him, but Dr. Branom gave me a very friendly and sympathetic type smile as though he had nothing to do with all this but was forced into it as I was.

Anyhow, they freed my body from the chair and they let go the skin above my eyes so that I could open and shut them again, and I shut them, O my brothers, with the pain and throb in my head, and then I was carried to the old wheelchair and taken back to my small bedroom, the attendant who wheeled me singing away at some popular song so that I snarled: “Shut it, you,” but he only laughed and said: “Never mind, friend,” and then sang louder. So I was put into the bed and still felt ill but could not sleep, but soon I started to feel that soon I might start feeling just a little bit better, and then I was brought some nice hot tea with plenty of milk and sugar and, drinking that, I knew that that horrible nightmare was in the past and all over. And then Dr. Branom came in, all nice and smiling. He said:

“Well, by my calculations you should be starting to feel all right again. Yes?”

“Sir,” I said, like wary. I did not quite understand what he was getting at talking about calculations, seeing that getting better from feeling ill is like your own affair and nothing to do with calculations. He sat down, all nice and friendly, on the bed’s edge and said:

“Dr. Brodsky is pleased with you. You had a very positive response. Tomorrow, of course, there’ll be two sessions, morning and afternoon, and I should imagine that you’ll be feeling a bit weak at the end of the day. But we have to be hard on you, you have to be cured.” I said:

“You mean I have to sit through—? You mean I have to look at—? Oh, no,” I said. “It was horrible.”

“Of course it was horrible,” smiled Dr. Branom. “Violence is a very horrible thing. That’s what you’re learning now. Your body is learning it.”

“But,” I said, “I don’t understand. I don’t understand about feeling sick like I did. I never used to feel sick before. I used to feel like very much the opposite. I mean, doing it or watching it I used to feel really good. I just don’t understand why or how or what—”

“Life is a very wonderful thing,” said Dr. Branom in a very holy voice. “The processes of life, the makeup of the human organism, who can fully understand these miracles? Dr. Brodsky is, of course, a remarkable man. What is happening to you now is what should happen to any normal healthy human organism contemplating the actions of the forces of evil, the workings of the principle of destruction. You are being made sane, you are being made healthy.”

“That I will not have,” I said, “nor can understand at all. What you’ve been doing is to make me feel very ill.”

“Do you feel ill now?” he said, still with the old friendly smile on his face. “Drinking tea, resting, having a quiet chat with a friend—surely you’re not feeling anything but well?”

I listened and felt for pain and sickness in my head and body, in a cautious way, but it was true, brothers, that I felt really good and even wanting my dinner. “I don’t get it,” I said. “You must be doing something to me to make me feel ill.” And I sort of frowned about that, thinking.

“You felt ill this afternoon,” he said, “because you’re getting better. When we’re healthy we respond to the presence of the hateful with fear and nausea. You’re becoming healthy, that’s all. You’ll be healthier still this time tomorrow.” Then he patted me on the leg and went out, and I tried to puzzle the whole thing out as best I could. What it seemed to me was that the wire and other things that were fixed to my body perhaps were making me feel ill, and that it was all a trick really. I was still puzzling out all this and wondering whether I should refuse to be strapped down to this chair tomorrow and start a real bit of arguing with them all, because I had my rights, when another person came in to see me. He was a smiling strange fellow who said he was what he called the Discharge Officer, and he carried a lot of bits of paper with him. He said:

“Where will you go when you leave here?” I hadn’t really thought about that sort of thing at all, and it only now really began to dawn on me that I’d be a fine free young man very soon, and then I realized that would only be if I played it everybody’s way and did not start any arguing and screaming and refusing and so on. I said:

“Oh, I shall go home. Back to my parents.”

“Your—?” He didn’t get the slang at all, so I said:

“To my parents in the dear old apartment building.”

“I see,” he said. “And when did you last have a visit from your parents?”

“A month,” I said, “very near. They suspended visiting day for a bit because of one person getting some blasting powder smuggled in across the wires from his girlfriend. A real cruel trick to play on the innocent, like punishing them as well. So it’s near a month since I had a visit.”

“I see,” said this fellow. “And have your parents been informed of your transfer and impending release?” That had a real lovely sound that did, that word ‘release.’ I said:

“No.” Then I said: “It will be a nice surprise for them, that, won’t it? Me just walking in through the door and saying: ‘Here I am, back, a free man again.’ Yes, really good.”

“Right,” said the Discharge Officer fellow, “we’ll leave it at that. So long as you have somewhere to live. Now, there’s the question of your having a job, isn’t there?” And he showed me this long list of jobs I could have, but I thought, well, there would be time enough for that. A nice little holiday first. I could do a decent job soon as I got out and fill my pockets with money, but I would have to be very careful and I would have to do the job all on my own. I did not trust so-called friends any more. So I told this fellow to leave it for a bit and we would talk about it again. He said right right right, then got ready to leave. He showed himself to be a very queer sort of fellow, because what he did now was to giggle and then say: “Would you like to punch me in the face before I go?” I did not think I could possibly have heard that right, so I said:

“Eh?”

“Would you,” he giggled, “like to punch me in the face before I go?” I frowned at that, very puzzled, and said:

“Why?”

“Oh,” he said, “just to see how you’re getting on.” And he brought his face real near, a fat grin all over his mouth. So I made a fist and went smack at this face, but he pulled himself away real fast, grinning still, and my hand just punched air. Very puzzling, this was, and I frowned as he left, laughing to himself. And then, my brothers, I felt real sick again, just like in the afternoon, just for a couple of minutes. It then passed off quickly, and when they brought my dinner in I found I had a fair appetite and was ready to dig into the roast chicken. But it was funny that strange fellow asking for a punch in the face. And it was funny feeling sick like that.

What was even funnier was when I went to sleep that night, O my brothers, I had a nightmare, and, as you might expect, it was one of those bits of film I’d seen in the afternoon. A dream or nightmare is really only like a film inside your head, except that it is as though you could walk into it and be part of it. And this is what happened to me. It was a nightmare of one of the bits of film they showed me near the end of the afternoon session, all of laughing boys doing the ultra-violent on a young girl who was screaming away in her red blood, her clothes all torn up really badly. I was in this scene, laughing away and being like the ring-leader, dressed in the height of fashionable style. And then at the height of all this fighting and hitting I felt like paralyzed and wanting to be very sick, and all the other boys had a really loud laugh at me. Then I was pushing my way back to being awake all through my own blood, pints and quarts and gallons of it, and then I found myself in my bed in this room. I wanted to be sick, so I got out of the bed all trembly so as to go off down the corridor to the old toilet. But, behold, brothers, the door was locked. And turning round I realized for like the first time that there were bars on the window. And so, as I reached for the pot in the small cupboard beside the bed, I realized that there would be no escaping from any of all this. Worse, I did not dare to go back into my own sleeping head. I soon found I did not want to be sick after all, but then I was scared of getting back into bed to sleep. But soon I fell right into sleep and did not dream any more.

“Stop it, stop it, stop it,” I kept on shouting out. “Turn it off you filthy bastards, for I can stand no more.” It was the next day, brothers, and I had truly done my best morning and afternoon to play it their way and sit like a terrifyingly happy cooperative boy in their chair of torture while they flashed nasty bits of extreme violence on the screen, my eyes forced open to see all, my body and hands and legs fixed to the chair so I could not get away. What I was being made to see now was not really a thing I would have thought to be too bad before, it being only three or four boys stealing in a shop and filling their pockets with money, at the same time messing about with the screaming pretty bird running the shop, hitting her and letting the red red blood flow. But the throb and like crash crash crash in my head and the wanting to be sick and the terrible dry rasping thirstiness in my mouth, all were worse than yesterday. “Oh. I’ve had enough” I cried. “It’s not fair, you filthy sods,” and I tried to struggle out of the chair but it was not possible me being as good as stuck to it.

“First-class,” shouted this Dr. Brodsky. “You’re doing really well. Just one more and then we’re finished.”

What it was now was the colorful 1939–45 War again, and it was a very blurry and shaky and crackly film you could see had been made by the Germans. It opened with German eagles and the Nazi flag with that like crooked cross that all boys at school love to draw, and then there were very haughty and arrogant like German officers walking through streets that were all dust and bomb-holes and broken buildings. Then you were allowed to see people being shot against walls, officers giving the orders, and also horrible naked bodies left lying in gutters, all like cages of bare ribs and white thin legs. Then there were people being dragged off screaming though not on the sound-track, my brothers, the only sound being music, and being hit while they were dragged off. Then I noticed, in all my pain and sickness, what music it was that like crackled and boomed on the sound-track, and it was Ludwig van, the last movement of the Fifth Symphony, and I shouted like crazy at that. “Stop!” I shouted. “Stop, you filthy disgusting sods. It’s a sin, that’s what it is, a filthy unforgivable sin, you brats!” They didn’t stop right away, because there was only a minute or two more to go—people being beaten up and all bloodied, then more firing squads, then the old Nazi flag and THE END. But when the lights came on this Dr. Brodsky and also Dr. Branom were standing in front of me, and Dr. Brodsky said:

“What’s all this about sin, eh?”

“That,” I said, very sick. “Using Ludwig van like that. He did no harm to anyone. Beethoven just wrote music.” And then I was really sick and they had to bring a bowl that was in the shape of like a kidney.

“Music,” said Dr. Brodsky, like thinking. “So you’re keen on music. I know nothing about it myself. It’s a useful emotional enhancer, that’s all I know. Well, well. What do you think about that, eh, Branom?”

“It can’t be helped,” said Dr. Branom. “Each man kills the thing he loves, as the poet-prisoner said. Here’s the punishment element, perhaps. The Governor ought to be pleased.”

“Give me a drink,” I said, “for God’s sake.”

“Loosen him,” ordered Dr. Brodsky. “Fetch him a pitcher of ice-cold water.” So then these underlings got to work and soon I was drinking gallons and gallons of water and it was like heaven, O my brothers. Dr. Brodsky said:

“You seem a sufficiently intelligent young man. You seem, too, to be not without taste. You’ve just got this violence thing, haven’t you? Violence and theft, theft being an aspect of violence.” I didn’t say a single word, brothers, I was still feeling sick, though getting a little bit better now. But it had been a terrible day. “Now then,” said Dr. Brodsky, “how do you think this is done? Tell me, what do you think we’re doing to you?”

“You’re making me feel ill. I’m ill when I look at those filthy pervert films of yours. But it’s not really the films that’s doing it. But I feel that if you’ll stop these films I’ll stop feeling ill.”

“Right,” said Dr. Brodsky. “It’s association, the oldest educational method in the world. And what really causes you to feel ill?”

“These filthy sodding things that come out of my head and my body,” I said, “that’s what it is.”

“Quaint,” said Dr. Brodsky, like smiling, “the dialect of the tribe. Do you know anything of its origin, Branom?”

“Odd bits of old rhyming slang,” said Dr. Branom, who did not look quite so much like a friend any more. “A bit of gypsy talk, too. But most of the roots are Slavic. Propaganda. Subliminal penetration.”

“All right, all right, all right,” said Dr. Brodsky, like impatient and not interested any more. “Well,” he said to me, “it isn’t the wires. It’s nothing to do with what’s fastened to you. Those are just for measuring your reactions. What is it, then?”

I then realized, of course, what a crazy thing I was not to notice that it was the hypodermic shots in the arm.

“Oh,” I shouted, “oh, I see all now. A filthy nasty trick. An act of treachery, sod you, and you won’t do it again.”

“I’m glad you’ve raised your objections now,” said Dr. Brodsky. “Now we can be perfectly clear about it. We can get this stuff of Ludovico’s into your system in many different ways. Orally, for instance. But the subcutaneous method is the best. Don’t fight against it, please. There’s no point in your fighting. You can’t get the better of us.”

“Filthy brats,” I said, like sniveling. Then I said: “I don’t mind about the extreme violence and all that crap. I put up with that. But it’s not fair on the music. It’s not fair I should feel ill when I’m listening to lovely Ludwig van and G. F. Handel and others. All that shows you’re an evil lot of bastards and I shall never forgive you, sods.”

They both looked a bit like thoughtful. Then Dr. Brodsky said: “Delimitation is always difficult. The world is one, life is one. The sweetest and most heavenly of activities partake in some measure of violence—the act of love, for instance; music, for instance. You must take your chance, boy. The choice has been all yours.” I didn’t understand all these words, but now I said:

“You needn’t take it any further, sir.” I’d changed my tune a little bit in my clever way. “You’ve proved to me that all this nonsense and extreme violence and killing is wrong wrong and terribly wrong. I’ve learned my lesson, sirs. I see now what I’ve never seen before. I’m cured, praise God.” And I raised my eyes in a like holy way to the ceiling. But both these doctors shook their heads like sadly and Dr. Brodsky said:

“You’re not cured yet. There’s still a lot to be done. Only when your body reacts promptly and violently to violence, as to a snake, without further help from us, without medication, only then—” I said:

“But, sir, sirs, I see that it’s wrong. It’s wrong because it’s against like society, it’s wrong because every person on earth has the right to live and be happy without being beaten and hit and knifed. I’ve learned a lot, oh really I have.”

But Dr. Brodsky had a loud long laugh at that, showing all his white teeth, and said:

“The heresy of an age of reason,” or some such words. “I see what is right and approve, but I do what is wrong. No, no, my boy, you must leave it all to us. But be cheerful about it. It will soon be all over. In less than a fortnight now you’ll be a free man.” Then he patted me on the shoulder.

Less than a fortnight, O my brothers and friends, it was like an age. It was like from the beginning of the world to the end of it. To finish the fourteen years without remission in the prison would have been nothing to it. Every day it was the same. When the girl with the hypodermic came round, though, four days after this chatting with Dr. Brodsky and Dr. Branom, I said: “Oh, no you won’t,” and hit her on the arm, and the syringe went tinkle clatter on to the floor. That was like to see what they would do. What they did was to get four or five real big white-coated bastards of underlings to hold me down on the bed, hitting me with grinning faces close to mine, and then this nurse lady said: “You wicked naughty little devil, you,” while she jabbed my arm with another syringe and squirted this stuff in real brutal and nasty. And then I was wheeled off exhausted to this like hell cinema as before.

Every day, my brothers, these films were like the same, all kicking and hitting and red red blood dripping off of faces and bodies and spattering all over the camera lenses. It was usually grinning and laughing boys in the height of slang fashion, or else giggling Japanese torturers or brutal Nazi kickers and shooters. And each day the feeling of wanting to die with the sickness and head pains and aches in the teeth and horrible horrible thirst grew really worse. Until one morning I tried to defeat the bastards by crash crash crashing my head against the wall so that I should hit myself unconscious, but all that happened was I felt sick with seeing that this kind of violence was like the violence in the films, so I was just exhausted and was given the injection and was wheeled off like before.

And then there came a morning when I woke up and had my breakfast of eggs and toast and jam and very hot milky tea, and then I thought: “It can’t be much longer now. Now must be very near the end of the time. I have suffered to the heights and cannot suffer any more.” And I waited and waited, brothers, for this nurse lady to bring in the syringe, but she did not come. And then the white-coated underling came and said:

“Today, old friend, we are letting you walk.”

“Walk?” I said. “Where?”

“To the usual place,” he said. “Yes, yes, look not so astonished. You are to walk to the films, me with you of course. You are no longer to be carried in a wheelchair.”

“But,” I said, “how about my horrible morning injection?”

For I was really surprised at this, brothers, they being so keen on pushing this Ludovico thing into me, as they said. “Don’t I get that horrible sick stuff rammed into my poor suffering arm any more?”

“All over,” like laughed this man. “For ever and ever amen. You’re on your own now, boy. Walking and all to the chamber of horrors. But you’re still to be strapped down and made to see. Come on then, my little tiger.” And I had to put my over-gown and slippers on and walk down the corridor to the like cinema place.

Now this time, O my brothers, I was not only very sick but very puzzled. There it was again, all the old ultra-violence and men with their heads smashed and torn blood-dripping girls screaming for mercy, the like private and individual messing around and nastiness. Then there were the prison-camps and the Jews and the grey like foreign streets full of tanks and uniforms and men going down in withering rifle-fire, this being the public side of it. And this time I could blame nothing for me feeling sick and thirsty and full of aches except what I was forced to see, my eyes still being clipped open and my feet and body fixed to the chair but this set of wires and other things no longer coming out of my body and head. So what could it be but the films I was seeing that were doing this to me? Except, of course, brothers, that this Ludovico stuff was like a vaccination and there it was cruising about in my blood, so that I would be sick always for ever and ever amen whenever I saw any of this ultra-violence. So now I squared my mouth and went boo hoo hoo, and the tears like blotted out what I was forced to see in like all blessed runny silvery dewdrops. But these white-coat bastards were quick with their handkerchiefs to wipe the tears away, saying: “There there, wazzums all weepy-weepy den.” And there it was again all clear before my eyes, these Germans prodding like beseeching and weeping Jews—men and women and boys and girls—into places where they would all die of poison gas. Boo hoo hoo I had to go again, and along they came to wipe the tears off, very quickly, so I should not miss one solitary thing of what they were showing. It was a terrible and horrible day, O my brothers and only friends.

I was lying on the bed all alone that night after my dinner of fat thick mutton stew and fruit-pie and ice-cream, and I thought to myself: “Hell hell hell, there might be a chance for me if I get out now.” I had no weapon, though. I was allowed no razor here, and I had been shaved every other day by a fat bald-headed man who came to my bed before breakfast, two white-coated bastards standing by to see I was a good non-violent boy. The nails on my hands had been scissored and filed real short so I could not scratch. But I was still quick on the attack, though they had weakened me down, brothers, to a like shadow of what I had been in the old free days. So now I got off the bed and went to the locked door and began to fist it real great and hard, screaming at the same time: “Oh, help help. I’m sick, I’m dying. Doctor doctor doctor, quick. Please. Oh, I’ll die, I shall. Help.” My throat was real dry and sore before anyone came. Then I heard feet coming down the corridor and a like grumbling voice, and then I recognized the voice of the white-coated man who brought me food and like escorted me to my daily doom.

He like grumbled:

“What is it? What goes on? What’s your little nasty game in there?”

“Oh, I’m dying,” I like moaned. “Oh, I have a ghastly pain in my side. Appendicitis, it is. Ooooooh.”

“Appendy shitehouse,” grumbled this man, and then to my joy, brothers, I could hear the like clank of keys. “If you’re trying it little friend, my friends and me will beat and kick you all through the night.” Then he opened up and brought in like the sweet air of the promise of my freedom. Now I was like behind the door when he pushed it open, and I could see him in the corridor light looking round for me puzzled. Then I raised my two fists to hit him on the neck nasty, and then, I swear, as I saw him in advance lying moaning or out out out and felt the like joy rise in my guts, it was then that this sickness rose in me as it might be a wave and I felt a horrible fear as if I was really going to die. I like tottered over to the bed going urgh urgh urgh, and the man, who was not in his white coat but an over-gown, saw clear enough what I had in mind for he said:

“Well, everything’s a lesson, isn’t it? Learning all the time, as you could say. Come on, little friend, get up from that bed and hit me. I want you to, yes, really. A real good crack across the jaw. Oh, I’m dying for it, really I am.” But all I could do, brothers, was to just lay there sobbing boo hoo hoo. “Scum,” like sneered this man now. “Filth.” And he pulled me up by like the scruff of my pyjama-top, me being very weak and limp, and he raised and swung his right hand so that I got a fair old blow clean on the face. “That,” he said, “is for getting me out of my bed, you young dirt.” And he wiped his hands against each other swish swish and went out. Crunch crunch went the key in the lock.

And what, brothers, I had to escape into sleep from then was the horrible and wrong feeling that it was better to get the hit than give it. If that man had stayed I might even have like presented the other cheek.
7

I could not believe, brothers, what I was told. It seemed that I had been in that smelly place for near ever and would be there for near ever more. But it had always been a fortnight and now they said the fortnight was near up. They said:

“Tomorrow, little friend, out out out.” And they made with the old thumb, like pointing to freedom. And then the white-coated man who had hit me and who had still brought me my trays of food and like escorted me to my everyday torture said: “But you still have one real big day in front of you. It’s to be your passing-out day,” and he had a leery laugh at that.

I expected this morning that I would be going as usual to the cinema place in my pyjamas and slippers and over-gown. But no. This morning I was given my shirt and underclothes and my clothes of the night and my great kick-boots, all lovely and washed or ironed and polished. And I was even given my cut-throat razor that I had used in those old happy days for messing around and fighting. So I gave with the puzzled frown at this as I got dressed, but the white-coated under-man just like grinned and would speak nothing, O my brothers.

I was led quite kindly to the same old place, but there were changes there. Curtains had been drawn in front of the cinema screen and the frosted glass under the projection holes was no longer there, it having perhaps been pushed up or folded to the sides like blinds or shutters. And where there had been just the noise of coughing kashl kashl kashl and like shadows of the people was now a real audience, and in this audience there were faces I knew. There was the State Jail Governor and the holy man, the chaplain as he was called, and the Chief Guard and this very important and well-dressed man who was the Minister of the Interior or Inferior. All the rest I did not know. Dr. Brodsky and Dr. Branom were there, though not now white-coated, instead they were dressed as doctors would dress who were big enough to want to dress in the height of fashion. Dr. Branom just stood, but Dr. Brodsky stood and spoke in a like learned manner to all the people assembled. When he saw me coming in he said:

“Aha. At this stage, gentlemen, we introduce the subject himself. He is, as you will perceive, fit and well nourished. He comes straight from a night’s sleep and a good breakfast, undrugged, unhypnotized. Tomorrow we send him with confidence out into the world again, as decent a lad as you would meet on a May morning, inclined to the kindly word and the helpful act. What a change is here, gentlemen, from the wretched hoodlum the State committed to unprofitable punishment some two years ago, unchanged after two years. Unchanged, do I say? Not quite. Prison taught him the false smile, the rubbed hands of hypocrisy, the fawning greased obsequious leer. Other vices it taught him, as well as confirming him in those he had long practised before. But gentlemen, enough of words. Actions speak louder than. Action now. Observe, all.”

I was a bit dazed by all this talking and I was trying to grasp in my mind that like all this was about me. Then all the lights went out and then there came on two like spotlights shining from the projection-squares, and one of them was full on Your Humble and Suffering Narrator. And into the other spotlight there walked a big big man I had never seen before. He had a lardy like face and a moustache and like strips of hair pasted over his near-bald head. He was about thirty or forty or fifty, some old age like that, old. He walked up to me and the spotlight walked with him, and soon the two spotlights had made like one big pool. He said to me, very sneery: “Hello, heap of dirt. Pooh, you don’t wash much, judging from the horrible smell.” Then, as if he was like dancing, he stamped on my feet, left, right, then he gave me a finger-nail flick on the nose that hurt like crazy and brought the old tears to my eyes then he twisted at my left ear like it was a radio dial. I could hear titters and a couple of real great hawhawhaws coming from like the audience. My nose and feet and ear-hole stung and pained like crazy, so I said:

“What do you do that to me for? I’ve never done wrong to you, brother.”

“Oh,” this man said, “I do this”—flickedflicked nose again—“and that”—twisted smarting ear-hole—“and the other”—stamped nasty on right foot—“because I don’t care for your horrible type. And if you want to do anything about it, start, start, please do.” Now I knew that I’d have to be real quick and get my cut-throat razor out before this horrible killing sickness whooshed up and turned the like joy of battle into feeling I was going to die. But, O brothers, as my hand reached for the razor in my inside pocket I got this like picture in my mind’s eye of this insulting man howling for mercy with the red red blood all streaming out of his mouth, and hot after this picture the sickness and dryness and pains were rushing to overtake, and I saw that I’d have to change the way I felt about this rotten man very very quickly indeed, so I felt in my pockets for cigarettes or for money, and, O my brothers, there was not either of these things, I said, like all howly and blubbery:

“I’d like to give you a cigarette, brother, but I don’t seem to have any.” This man went:

“Wow wow. Boohoohoo. Cry, baby.” Then he flicked with his big, angry nail at my nose again, and I could hear very loud laughs of like joy coming from the dark audience. I said, real desperate, trying to be nice to this insulting and hurtful man to stop the pains and sickness coming up:

“Please let me do something for you, please.” And I felt in my pockets but could find only my sharp razor, so I took this out and handed it to him and said: “Please take this, please. A little present. Please have it.” But he said: “Keep your stinking bribes to yourself. You can't get around me that way.” And he hit my hand and my sharp razor fell on the floor. So I said:

“Please, I must do something. Shall I clean your boots? Look, I’ll get down and lick them.” And, my brothers, believe it or not, I got down on my knees and pushed my red tongue out a mile and a half to lick his dirty, disgusting boots. But all this guy did was to kick me not too hard on the rear. So then it seemed to me that it would not bring on the sickness and pain if I just gripped his ankles with my hands tight around them and brought this filthy, disgusting man down to the floor. So I did this and he got a real big surprise, coming down crack amidst loud laughter from the filthy audience. But seeing him on the floor I could feel the whole horrible feeling coming over me, so I gave him my hand to lift him up quickly and up he came. Then just as he was going to give me a real nasty and earnest punch in the face Dr. Brodsky said:

“All right, that will do very well.” Then this horrible man sort of bowed and danced off like an actor while the lights came up on me blinking and with my mouth open for howling. Dr. Brodsky said to the audience: “Our subject is, you see, pushed towards the good by, oddly enough, being pushed towards evil. The intention to act violently is accompanied by strong feelings of physical distress. To counter these the subject has to switch to a completely opposite attitude. Any questions?”

“Choice,” rumbled a rich deep voice. I saw it belonged to the prison guy. “He has no real choice, has he? Self-interest, fear of physical pain, drove him to that grotesque act of self-humiliation. Its insincerity was clearly to be seen. He ceases to be a wrongdoer. He ceases also to be a creature capable of moral choice.”

“These are subtleties,” smiled Dr. Brodsky. “We are not concerned with motive, with the higher ethics. We are concerned only with cutting down crime—”

“And,” chimed in this big well-dressed Minister, “with relieving the awful congestion in our prisons.”

“Hear hear,” said somebody.

There was a lot of talking and arguing then and I just stood there, brothers, like completely ignored by all these ignorant people, so I shouted out:

“Me, me, me. How about me? Where do I come into all this? Am I just some animal or dog?” And that started them off talking really loud and throwing words at me. So I yelled louder, still shouting: “Am I just to be like a clockwork orange?” I didn’t know what made me use those words, brothers, which just came like without asking into my mind. And that shut all those men up for some reason for a minute or two. Then one very thin starry professor type person stood up, his neck like all cables carrying like power from his head to his body, and he said:

“You have no cause to complain, boy. You made your choice and all this is a consequence of your choice. Whatever now happens is what you yourself have chosen.” And the prison guy shouted out:

“Oh, if only I could believe that.” And you could see the Governor give him a look like meaning that he would not climb so high in like Prison Religion as he thought he would. Then loud arguing started again, and then I could hear the word Love being thrown around, the prison men themselves shouting as loud as any about Perfect Love Casteth Out Fear and all that stuff. And now Dr. Brodsky said, smiling all over his face:

“I am glad, gentlemen, this question of Love has been raised. Now we shall see in action a manner of Love that was thought to be dead with the Middle Ages.” And then the lights went down and the spotlights came on again, one on your poor and suffering Friend and Narrator, and into the other there like rolled or sidled the most lovely young girl you could ever hope in all your life, O my brothers, to see. That is to say, she had real beautiful features all of which you could like see, she having on clothes which came down down down off her shoulders. And her legs were like God in His Heaven, and she walked like to make you groan in your insides, and yet her face was a sweet smiling young like innocent face. She came up towards me with the light like it was the like light of heavenly grace and all that stuff coming with her, and the first thing that flashed into my mind was that I would like to have her right down there on the floor with the old in-out real savage, but quickly as a shot came the sickness, like a detective that had been watching around a corner and now followed to make his awful arrest. And now the smell of lovely perfume that came off her made me want to think of starting to heave in my insides, so I knew I had to think of some new way of thinking about her before all the pain and thirstiness and horrible sickness come over me really well and proper. So I shouted out:

“O most beautiful and lovely of girls, I throw like my heart at your feet for you to like trample all over. If I had a rose I would give it to you. If it was all rainy and dirty now on the ground you could have my clothes to walk on so as not to cover your dainty feet with filth and dirt.” And as I was saying all this, O my brothers, I could feel the sickness like slinking back. “Let me,” I shouted out, “worship you and be like your helper and protector from the wicked life.” Then I thought of the right word and felt better for it, saying: “Let me be like your true knight,” and down I went again on the old knees, bowing and like scraping.

And then I felt really faint and dim, it having been like an act again, for this girl smiled and bowed to the audience and like danced off, the lights coming up to a bit of applause. And the eyes of some of these starry men in the audience were like popping out at this young girl with dirty and like unholy desire, O my brothers.

“He will be your true Christian,” Dr. Brodsky was shouting out, “ready to turn the other cheek, ready to be crucified rather than crucify, sick to the very heart at the thought even of killing a fly.” And that was right, brothers, because when he said that I thought of killing a fly and felt just that tiny bit sick, but I pushed the sickness and pain back by thinking of the fly being fed with bits of sugar and looked after like a bleeding pet and all that stuff. “Reclamation,” he shouted. “Joy before the Angels of God.”

“The point is,” this Minister of the Inferior was saying really loudly, “that it works.”

“Oh,” the prison guy said, like sighing, “it works all right, God help the lot of us.”

---

**Part Three**

1

“What’s it going to be then, eh?”

That, my brothers, was me asking myself the next morning, standing outside this white building that was like tacked on to the old Prison, in my clothes from the night of two years back in the grey light of dawn, with a little bit of a bag with my few personal things in and a bit of money kindly donated by the awful Authorities to like start me off in my new life.

The rest of the day before had been very tiring, what with interviews to go on tape for the news and photographs being taken flash flash flash and more like demonstrations of me folding up in the face of extreme violence and all that embarrassing stuff. And then I had like fallen into the bed and then, as it looked to me, been woken up to be told to get off out, to go home, they did not want to see Your Humble Narrator anymore, O my brothers. So there I was, very very early in the morning, with just this bit of money in my left pocket, jingling it and wondering:

“What’s it going to be then, eh?”

Some breakfast somewhere, I thought, me not having eaten at all that morning, every man being so anxious to knock me off out to freedom. A cup of tea only I had drunk. This Prison was in a very gloomy part of the town, but there were little workers’ cafes all around and I soon found one of these, my brothers. It was very dirty and awful, with one bulb in the ceiling with fly-dirt like obscuring its bit of light, and there were early eaters slurping away at tea and horrible-looking sausages and slices of bread which they like wolfed, going wolf wolf wolf and then shouting for more. They were served by a very dirty girl but with very big features on her, and some of the eating men tried to grab her, going ha ha ha while she went he he he, and the sight of them near made me want to sick, brothers. But I asked for some toast and jam and tea very politely and with my gentleman’s voice, then I sat in a dark corner to eat and drink.

While I was doing this, a tiny little dwarf of a guy came in, selling the morning's newspapers, a twisted and grimy criminal type with thick glasses on with steel rims, his clothes like the color of very starry decaying currant pudding. I picked up a newspaper, my idea being to get ready for plunging back into normal life again by seeing what was happening in the world. This newspaper I had seemed to be like a Government newspaper, for the only news that was on the front page was about the need for every man to make sure he put the Government back in again on the next General Election, which seemed to be about two or three weeks off. There were very boastful statements about what the Government had done, brothers, in the last year or so, what with increased exports and a really excellent foreign policy and improved social services and all that stuff. But what the Government was really most boastful about was the way in which they claimed the streets had been made safer for all peace-loving night-walking individuals in the last six months, what with better pay for the police and the police getting tougher with young troublemakers and deviants and burglars and all that stuff. Which interested Your Humble Narrator some deal. And on the second page of the newspaper there was a blurry photograph of somebody who looked very familiar, and it turned out to be none other than me me me. I looked very gloomy and scared, but that was really with the flashbulbs going pop pop all the time. What it said underneath my picture was that here was the first graduate from the new State Institute for Reclamation of Criminal Types, cured of his criminal instincts in a fortnight only, now a good law-fearing citizen and all that stuff. Then I saw there was a very boastful article about this Ludovico's Technique and how clever the Government was and all that stuff. Then there was another picture of some guy I thought I knew, and it was this Minister of the Interior. It seemed that he had been doing a bit of boasting, looking forward to a nice crime-free era in which there would be no more fear of cowardly attacks from young troublemakers and deviants and burglars and all that stuff. So I went arghhhhhh and threw this newspaper on the floor, so that it covered up stains of spilled tea and horrible spat gob from the local animals that used this café.

“What’s it going to be then, eh?”

What it was going to be now, brothers, was homeways and a nice surprise for dad and mum, their only son and heir back in the family bosom. Then I could lay back on the bed in my own little den and listen to some lovely music, and at the same time I could think over what to do now with my life. The Discharge Officer had given me a long list the day before of jobs I could try for, and he had telephoned to different guys about me, but I had no intention, my brothers, of going off to work right away. A little bit of a rest first, yes, and a quiet think on the bed to the sound of lovely music.

And so the bus to Center, and then the bus to Kingsley Avenue, the flats of Flatblock 18A being just near. You will believe me, my brothers, when I say that my heart was going thud thud thud with the like excitement. All was very quiet, it still being early winter morning, and when I walked into the vestibule of the flatblock there was no one about, only the working folks and kids of the Dignity of Labour. What surprised me, brothers, was the way that had been cleaned up, there being no longer any dirty ballooning words from the trash of the Dignified Labourers, not any dirty parts of the body added to their naked bodies by dirty-minded drawing kids. And what also surprised me was that the lift was working. It came purring down when I pressed the electric button, and when I got in I was surprised again to see all was clean inside the like cage.

So up I went to the tenth floor, and there I saw 10-8 as it had been before, and my hand trembled and shook as I took out of my pocket the little key I had for opening up. But I very firmly fitted the key in the lock and turned, then opened up and went in, and there I met three pairs of surprised and almost frightened eyes looking at me, and it was my dad and mum having their breakfast, but it was also another guy that I had never seen in my life before, a big thick guy in his shirt and braces, quite at home, brothers, slurping away at the milky tea and munching away at his egg and toast. And it was this stranger guy who spoke first, saying:

“Who are you, friend? Where did you get hold of a key? Out, before I push your face in. Get out there and knock. Explain your business, quick.”

My dad and mum sat like petrified, and I could see they had not yet read the newspaper, then I remembered that the newspaper did not arrive till dad had gone off to his work. But then mum said: “Oh, you’ve broken out. You’ve escaped. Whatever shall we do? We shall have the police here, oh oh oh. Oh, you bad and wicked boy, disgracing us all like this.” And, believe it or not, she started to go boo hoo. So I started to try and explain, they could ring up the station if they wanted, and all the time this stranger guy sat there like frowning and looking as if he could punch my face in with his big beefy fist. So I said:

“How about you answering a few, brother? What are you doing here and for how long? I didn’t like the tone of what you said just then. Watch it. Come on, speak up.” He was a working-man type guy, very ugly, about thirty or forty, and he sat now with his mouth open at me, not saying one single word. Then my dad said:

“This is all a bit bewildering, son. You should have let us know you were coming. We thought it would be at least another five or six years before they let you out. Not,” he said, and he said it very gloomily, “that we’re not very pleased to see you again and a free man, too.”

“Who is this?” I said. “Why can’t he speak up? What’s going on in here?”

“This is Joe,” said my mum. “He lives here now. The lodger, that’s what he is. Oh, dear dear dear,” she went.

“You,” said this Joe. “I’ve heard all about you, boy. I know what you’ve done, breaking the hearts of your poor grieving parents. So you’re back, eh? Back to make life a misery for them once more, is that it? Over my dead body you will, because they’ve let me be more like a son to them than like a lodger.” I could nearly have laughed loud at that if the old anger within me hadn’t started to wake up the feeling of wanting to throw up, because this guy looked about the same age as my dad and mum, and there he was like trying to put a son’s protective arm around my crying mum, O my brothers.

“So,” I said, and I nearly felt like collapsing in all tears myself. “So that’s it, then. Well, I give you five large minutes to clear all your horrible stuff out of my room.” And I made for this room, this guy being a little bit too slow to stop me. When I opened the door my heart cracked to the carpet, because I saw it was no longer like my room at all, brothers. All my flags had gone off the walls and this guy had put up pictures of boxers, also like a team sitting smug with folded arms and silver shield in front. And then I saw what else was missing. My stereo and my record cabinet were no longer there, nor was my locked treasure chest that contained bottles and drugs and two shining clean syringes.

“There’s been some filthy dirty work going on here,” I yelled. “What have you done with my own personal things, you horrible bastard?” This was to this Joe, but it was my dad that answered, saying:

“That was all taken away, son, by the police. This new regulation, see, about compensation for the victims.”

I found it very hard not to be very ill, but my head was aching shockingly and my mouth was so dry that I had to take a quick sip from the milk bottle on the table, so that this Joe said: “Filthy piggish manners.” I said:

“But she died. That one died.”

“It was the cats, son,” said my dad sorrowfully, “that were left with nobody to look after them till the will was read, so they had to have somebody in to feed them. So the police sold your things, clothes and all, to help with the looking after of them. That’s the law, son. But you were never much of a one for following the law.”

I had to sit down then, and this Joe said: “Ask permission before you sit, you mannerless young pig,” so I replied quickly with a “Shut your dirty big fat mouth, you,” feeling sick. Then I tried to be all reasonable and smiling for my health’s sake like, so I said: “Well, that’s my room, there’s no denying that. This is my home too. What suggestions have you, my dad and mum, to make?” But they just looked very glum, my mum shaking a bit, her face all lines and wet with tears, and then my dad said:

“All this needs thinking about, son. We can’t very well just kick Joe out, not just like that, can we? I mean, Joe’s here doing a job, a contract it is, two years, and we made like an arrangement, didn’t we, Joe? I mean son, thinking you were going to stay in prison a long time and that room going begging.” He was a bit ashamed, you could see that from his face. So I just smiled and nodded, saying:

“I see all. You got used to a bit of peace and you got used to a bit of extra money. That’s the way it goes. And your son has just been nothing but a terrible nuisance.” And then, my brothers, believe me or not, I started to like cry, feeling very sorry for myself. So my dad said:

“Well, you see, son, Joe’s paid next month’s rent already. I mean, whatever we do in the future we can’t say to Joe to get out, can we, Joe?” This Joe said:

“It’s you two I’ve got to think of, who’ve been like a father and mother to me. Would it be right or fair to go off and leave you to the tender mercies of this young monster who has been like no real son at all? He’s weeping now, but that’s his craft and artfulness. Let him go off and find a room somewhere. Let him learn the error of his ways and that a bad boy like he’s been doesn’t deserve such a good mum and dad as what he’s had.”

“All right,” I said, standing up still in all like tears. “I know how things are now. Nobody wants or loves me. I’ve suffered and suffered and suffered and everybody wants me to go on suffering. I know.”

“You’ve made others suffer,” said this Joe. “It’s only right you should suffer properly. I’ve been told everything that you’ve done, sitting here at night around the family table, and pretty shocking it was to listen to. Made me really sick a lot of it did.”

“I wish,” I said, “I was back in the prison. Dear old Institution as it was. I’m leaving now,” I said. “You won’t ever see me anymore. I’ll make my own way, thank you very much. Let it weigh heavy on your consciences.” My dad said:

“Don’t take it like that, son,” and my mum just went boo hoo hoo, her face all screwed up really ugly, and this Joe put his arm around her again, patting her and going there there there like crazy. And so I just sort of staggered to the door and went out, leaving them to their horrible guilt, O my brothers.

I walked down the street in a sort of aimless way brothers, in these night clothes which people like stared at as I went by, cold too, it being a very cold winter day, all I felt I wanted was to be away from all this and not have to think anymore about any sort of thing at all. So I got the bus to Center, then walked back to Taylor Place, and there was the record shop ‘MELODIA’—I had used to frequent with my inestimable custom, O my brothers, and it looked much the same sort of place as it always had, and walking in I expected to see old Andy there, that bald and very very thin helpful little guy from whom I had bought records in the old days. But there was no Andy there now, brothers, only a scream and a noise of teenage boys and girls listening to some new horrible pop song and dancing to it as well, and the guy behind the counter not much more than a teenager himself, clicking his knuckle bones and laughing like crazy. So I went up and waited until he like deigned to notice me, then I said:

“I’d like to hear a record of the Mozart Number Forty.” I don’t know why that should have come into my head, but it did.

The counter guy said:

“Forty what, friend?”

I said: “Symphony. Symphony Number Forty in G Minor.”

“Ooooh,” went one of the dancing teenagers, a boy with his hair all over his eyes, “symphony. Doesn’t it seem funny? He wants a symphony.”

I could feel myself growing all irritated within, but I had to watch that, so I like smiled at the guy who had taken over Andy's place and at all the dancing and shouting teenagers. This counter guy said: “You go into that listening booth over there, friend, and I’ll play something through.”

So I went over to the small box where you could listen to the records you wanted to buy, and then this guy put a record on for me, but it wasn’t the Mozart Forty, it was the Mozart ‘Prague’—he seemingly having just picked up any Mozart he could find on the shelf—and that should have started making me really irritated and I had to watch that for fear of the pain and sickness, but what I’d forgotten was something I shouldn’t have forgotten and now made me want to end it. It was that these doctor colleagues had so fixed things that any music that was like for the emotions would make me sick just like seeing or wanting to do violence. It was because all those violent films had music with them. And I remembered especially that horrible Nazi film with the Beethoven Fifth, last movement. And now here was lovely Mozart made horrible. I dashed out of the shop with these teenagers laughing after me and the counter guy shouting: “Eh eh eh!” But I took no notice and went staggering almost like blind across the road and round the corner to the Korova Milkbar. I knew what I wanted.

The place was nearly empty, it being still morning. It looked strange too, having been painted with all red mooing cows, and behind the counter was no guy I knew. But when I said: “Milk plus, large,” the guy with a like lean face very newly shaved knew what I wanted. I took the large milk plus to one of the little booths that were all around this place, there being like curtains to shut them off from the main place, and there I sat down in the plush chair and sipped and sipped. When I’d finished the whole lot I began to feel that things were happening. I had my eyes like fixed on a little bit of silver paper from a cigarette pack that was on the floor, the sweeping-up of this place not being all that great, brothers. This scrap of silver began to grow and grow and grow and it was so bright and fiery that I had to squint my eyes at it. It got so big that it became not only this whole booth I was lounging in but like the whole Korova, the whole street, the whole city. Then it was the whole world, then it was the whole everything, brothers, and it was like a sea washing over every thing that had ever been made or thought of even. I could sort of hear myself making special sort of sounds and speaking words like ‘Dear dead dreams, rot not in different forms’ and all that stuff. Then I could like feel the vision beating up in all this silver, and then there were colors like nobody had ever seen before, and then I could see like a group of statues a long long long way off that was like being pushed nearer and nearer and nearer, all lit up by very bright light from below and above alike, O my brothers. This group of statues was of God and all His Holy Angels and Saints, all very bright like bronze, with beards and very big wings that waved about in a kind of wind, so that they could not really be of stone or bronze, really, and the eyes like moved and were alive. These big figures came nearer and nearer and nearer till they were like going to crush me down, and I could hear my voice going ‘Eeeeee.’ And I felt I had got rid of everything—clothes, body, brain, name, the lot—and felt really good, like in heaven. Then there was the sound of like crumbling and crumpling, and God and the Angels and Saints sort of shook their heads at me, as though to say that there wasn’t quite time now but I must try again, and then everything like leered and laughed and collapsed and the big warm light grew like cold, and then there I was as I was before, the empty glass on the table and wanting to cry and feeling like death was the only answer to everything.

And that was it, that was what I saw quite clear was the thing to do, but how to do it I did not properly know, never having thought of that before, O my brothers. In my little bag of personal things I had my cut-throat razor, but I at once felt very sick as I thought of myself going swishhhh at myself and all my own red blood flowing. What I wanted was not something violent but something that would make me like just go off gently to sleep and that be the end of Your Humble Narrator, no more trouble to anybody anymore.

Perhaps, I thought, if I walked off to the Public Library around the corner I might find some book on the best way of ending it with no pain. I thought of myself dead and how sorry everybody was going to be, mom and dad and that horrible Joe who was a like usurper, and also Dr. Brodsky and Dr. Branom and that Inferior Interior Minister and every guy else. And the boastful horrible Government too. So out I hurried into the winter, and it was afternoon now, near two o’clock, as I could see from the big Center clock, so that me being in the land with the old milk plus must have taken like longer than I thought. I walked down Marghanita Boulevard and then turned into Boothby Avenue, then around the corner again, and there was the Public Library.

It was a very shabby sort of place that I could not remember going into since I was a very very little boy, no more than about six years old, and there were two parts of it—one part to borrow books and one part to read in, full of newspapers and magazines and like the smell of very shabby old men with their clothes stinking of like old age and poverty. These were standing at the newspaper stands all around the room, sniffling and belching and talking to themselves and turning over the pages to read the news very sadly, or else they were sitting at the tables looking at the magazines or pretending to, some of them asleep and one or two of them snoring really loud. I couldn’t remember what it was I wanted at first, then I remembered with a bit of a shock that I had come here to find out how to end it without pain, so I wandered over to the shelf full of reference materials. There were a lot of books, but there was none with a title, brothers, that would really do. There was a medical book that I took down, but when I opened it it was full of drawings and photographs of horrible wounds and diseases, and that made me want to be sick just a bit. So I put that back and took down the big book or Bible, as it was called, thinking that might give me like comfort as it had done in the old Institution days (not so old really, but it seemed a very long time ago), and I staggered over to a chair to read in it. But all I found was about smiting seventy times seven and a lot of people cursing and hitting each other, and that made me want to be sick, too. So then I nearly cried, so that a very shabby ragged old man opposite me said:

“What is it, son? What’s the trouble?”

“I want to end it,” I said. “I’ve had it, that’s what it is. Life’s become too much for me.”

A shabby reading guy next to me said: “Shhhh,” without looking up from some crazy magazine he had full of drawings of like big geometric things. That rang a bell somehow. This other old man said:

“You’re too young for that, son. Why, you’ve got everything in front of you.”

“Yes,” I said, bitter. “Like a pair of false teeth.” This magazine-reading guy said: “Shhhh” again, looking up this time, and something clicked for both of us. I saw who it was. He said, really loud:

“I never forget a shape, by God. I never forget the shape of anything. By God, you young swine, I’ve got you now.” Crystallography, that was it. That was what he’d been taking away from the Library that time. False teeth crunched up really good. Clothes torn off. His books ruined, all about Crystallography. I thought I had best get out of here really quickly, brothers. But this shabby old man was on his feet, shouting like crazy to all the shabby old coughers at the newspapers around the walls and to them dozing over magazines at the tables.

“We have him,” he shouted. “The poisonous young pig who ruined the books on Crystallography, rare books, books not to be obtained ever again, anywhere.” This had a terrible mad feel about it, as though this old man was really off his head. “A prize specimen of the cowardly brutal young,” he shouted. “Here in our midst and at our mercy. He and his friends beat me and kicked me and hit me. They stripped me and tore out my teeth. They laughed at my blood and my moans. They kicked me off home, dazed and naked.”

All this wasn’t quite true, as you know, brothers. He had some clothes on, he hadn’t been completely undressed.

I shouted back: “That was over two years ago. I’ve been punished since then. I’ve learned my lesson. See over there—my picture’s in the papers.”

“Punishment, eh?” said one starry-eyed ex-soldier type. “You lot should be exterminated. Like so many disgusting pests. Punishment indeed.”

“All right, all right,” I said. “Everybody’s entitled to his opinion. Forgive me, all. I must go now.” And I started to walk out of this place of crazy old men. Aspirin, that was it. You could take a hundred aspirin. Aspirin from the old drugstore. But the crystallography man shouted:

“Don’t let him go. We’ll teach him all about punishment, the murderous young pig. Get him.” And, believe it, brothers, or do the other thing, two or three starry old men, about ninety years old each, grabbed me with their trembly old hands, and I was like made sick by the smell of old age and disease which came from these near-dead men. The crystal man was onto me now, starting to deal me small weak hits on my face, and I tried to get away and walk out, but these starry hands that held me were stronger than I had thought. Then other starry men came hobbling from the newspapers to have a go at Your Humble Narrator. They were shouting things like: “Kill him, stamp on him, murder him, kick his teeth in,” and all that stuff, and I could see what it was clear enough. It was old age attacking youth, that’s what it was. But some of them were saying: “Poor old Jack, nearly killed poor old Jack he did, this is the young pig” and so on, as though it had all happened yesterday. Which to them I suppose it had. There was now like a sea of foul, runny dirty old men trying to get at me with their feeble hands and bony old claws, shouting and panting at me, but our crystal friend was there in front, dealing out hit after hit. And I daren’t do a solitary thing, O my brothers, it being better to be hit at like that than to want to get sick and feel that horrible pain, but of course the fact that there was violence going on made me feel that the sickness was peeping round the corner to see whether to come out into the open and roar away.

Then an attendant man came along, a youngish man, and he shouted: “What goes on here? Stop it at once. This is a reading room.” But nobody took any notice. So the attendant man said: “Right, I shall phone the police.” So I shouted, and I never thought I would ever do that in all my life:

“Yes yes yes, do that, protect me from these old madmen.” I noticed that the attendant man was not too anxious to join in the shouting and rescue me from the rage and madness of these starry men’s claws; he just ran off to his office or wherever the telephone was. Now these old men were panting a lot now, and I felt I could just flick at them and they would all fall over, but I just let myself be held, very patient, by these starry hands, my eyes closed, and felt the feeble hits on my face, also hearing the panting breathy old voices shouting: “Young pig, young murderer, hooligan, thug, kill him.” Then I got such a real painful hit on the nose that I said to myself to hell to hell, and I opened my eyes up and started to struggle to get free, which was not hard, brothers, and I tore off shouting to the sort of hallway outside the reading room. But these starry avengers still came after me, panting like dying, with their animal claws all trembling to get at your friend and Humble Narrator. Then I was tripped up and was on the floor and was being kicked at, then I heard voices of young men shouting: “All right, all right, stop it now,” and I knew the police had arrived.

I was like dazed, O my brothers, and could not see very clear, but I was sure I had met these officers some place before. The one who had hold of me, going: “There there there,” just by the front door of the Public Library, him I did not know at all, but it seemed to me he was like very young to be a cop. But the other two had backs that I was sure I had seen before. They were hitting these starry old men with great big glee and joy, swishing away with small whips, shouting: “There, you naughty boys. That should teach you to stop rioting and breaking the State’s Peace, you wicked villains, you.” So they drove these panting and wheezing and near dying starry avengers back into the reading room, then they turned round, smiling at the fun they’d had, to see me. The older one of the two said:

“Well well well well well well well. If it isn’t little Alex. Very long time no see, friend. How goes?” I was like dazed, the uniform and the helmet making it hard to see who this was, though face and voice were very familiar. Then I looked at the other one, and about him, with his grinning crazy face, there was no doubt. Then, all numb and growing numbers, I looked back at the well well welling one. This one was then fat old Billyboy, my old enemy. The other was, of course, Dim, who had used to be my friend and also the enemy of stinking fat goat Billyboy, but was now a cop with uniform and helmet and whip to keep order. I said:

“Oh no.”

“Surprise, eh?” And old Dim came out with the old laugh I remembered so well: “Huh huh huh.”

“It’s impossible,” I said. “It can’t be so. I don’t believe it.”

“Evidence of the old eyes,” grinned Billyboy. “Nothing up our sleeves. No magic, friend. A job for two who are now of job age. The police.”

“You’re too young,” I said. “Much too young. They don’t make cops of boys of your age.”

“Was young,” went old cop Dim. I could not get over it, brothers, I really could not. “That’s what we were, young friend. And you it was that was always the youngest. And here now we are.”

“I still can’t believe it,” I said. Then Billyboy, cop Billyboy that I couldn’t get over, said to this young officer that was holding on to me and that I did not know:

“More good would be done, I think, Rex, if we dealt out a bit of the old summary. Boys will be boys, as always was. No need to go through the old station routine. This one here has been up to his old tricks, as we can well remember though you, of course, can’t. He has been attacking the aged and defenseless, and they have properly been retaliating. But we must have our say in the State’s name.”

“What is all this?” I said, not able hardly to believe my eyes. “It was them that went for me, brothers. You’re not on their side and can’t be. You can’t be, Dim. It was a man we fought with once in the old days trying to get his own little bit of revenge after all this long time.”

“Long time is right,” said Dim. “I don’t remember those days too well. Don’t call me Dim no more, either. Officer call me.”

“Enough is remembered, though,” Billyboy kept nodding. He was not so fat as he had been. “Naughty little boys handy with knives—these must be kept under.” And they took me in a real strong grip and walked me out of the Library. There was a police patrol car waiting outside, and this man they called Rex was the driver. They shoved me into the back of this car, and I couldn’t help feeling it was all really like a joke, and that Dim anyway would pull his helmet off his head and laugh. But he didn’t. I said, trying to fight the emotions inside me:

“And old Pete, what happened to old Pete? It was sad about Georgie,” I said. “I heard all about that.”

“Pete, oh yes, Pete,” said Dim. “I seem to remember like the name.” I could see we were driving out of town. I said:

“Where are we supposed to be going?”

Billyboy turned round from the front to say: “It’s light still. A little drive into the country, all winter-bare but lonely and lovely. It is not right, not always, for people in the town to see too much of our summary punishments. Streets must be kept clean in more than one way.” And he turned to the front again.

“Come,” I said. “I just don’t get this at all. The old days are dead and gone days. For what I did in the past I have been punished. I have been cured.”

“That was read out to us,” said Dim. “The Super read all that out to us. He said it was a very good way.”

“Read to you,” I said, a little bit nasty. “You still too dim to read for yourself, O brother?”

“Ah, no,” said Dim, very like gentle and like regretful. “Not to speak like that. Not no more, friend.” And he launched a big hit right on my face, so that all red blood started to drip drip drip.

“There was never any trust,” I said, bitter, wiping off the blood with my hand. “I was always on my own.”

“This will do,” said Billyboy. We were now in the country and it was all bare trees and a few odd distant sounds, and in the distance there was some machine making a whirring sound. It was getting all dusk now, this being the height of winter. There were no people about, nor any animals. There was just the four. “Get out, Alex boy,” said Dim. “Just a little bit of summary.”

All through what they did this driver man just sat at the wheel of the car, smoking a cigarette, reading a small bit of a book. He had the light on in the car to see by. He took no notice of what Billyboy and Dim did to your Humble Narrator. I will not go into what they did, but it was all like panting and thudding against this like background of whirring farm engines and the twittering in the bare or naked branches. You could see a bit of smoky breath in the car light, this driver turning the pages over quite calm. And they were on to me all the time, O my brothers. Then Billyboy or Dim, I couldn’t say which one, said: “About enough, friend. I should think, shouldn’t you?” Then they gave me one final hit on the face each and I fell over and just laid there on the grass. It was cold but I was not feeling the cold. Then they dusted their hands and put back on their helmets and jackets which they had taken off, and then they got back into the car. “See you some more sometime, Alex,” said Billyboy, and Dim just gave one of his old clownish laughs. The driver finished the page he was reading and put his book away, then he started the car and they were off towards town, my former friend and former enemy waving. But I just laid there, exhausted and tired.

After a bit I was hurting bad, and then the rain started, all icy. I could see no girls in sight, nor any lights of houses. Where was I to go, who had no home and not much money in my pockets? I cried for myself boo hoo hoo. Then I got up and started walking.

Home, home, home, it was home I was wanting, and it was HOME I came to, brothers. I walked through the dark and followed not the town way but the way where the sound of a like farm machine had been coming from. This brought me to a sort of village I felt I had seen before, but was perhaps because all villages look the same, in the dark especially. Here were houses and there was a like drinking place, and right at the end of the village there was a small cottage on its odd foundation, and I could see its name shining on the gate.

HOME, it said. I was all dripping wet with this icy rain, so that my clothes were no longer in the height of fashion but really miserable and pathetic, and my luscious hair was a wet tangle mess all spread over my head, and I was sure there were cuts and bruises all over my face, and a couple of my teeth sort of wiggled loose when I touched them with my tongue or mouth. And I was sore all over my body and very thirsty, so that I kept opening my mouth to the cold rain, and my stomach growled grrrrr all the time with not having had any food since morning and then not very much, O my brothers.

HOME, it said, and perhaps here would be some person to help. I opened the gate and sort of slipped down the path, the rain like turning to ice, and then I knocked gently and pathetically on the door. No person came, so I knocked a little bit longer and louder, and then I heard the sound of footsteps coming to the door. Then the door opened and a male voice said: “Yes, what is it?”

“Oh,” I said, “please help. I’ve been beaten up by the police and just left to die on the road. Oh, please give me a drink of something and a sit by the fire, please, sir.”

The door opened fully then, and I could see warm light and a fire going crackle crackle within. “Come in,” said this man, “whoever you are. God help you, you poor victim, come in and let’s have a look at you.” So I like staggered in, and it was no big act I was putting on, brothers, I really felt done and finished. This kind man put his arms round my shoulders and pulled me into this room where the fire was, and of course I knew right away now where it was and why HOME on the gate looked so familiar. I looked at this man and he looked at me in a kind sort of way, and I remembered him well now. Of course he would not remember me, for in those carefree days I and my so-called friends did all our big talking and messing around in masks which were real horrible disguises. He was a shortish man in middle age, thirty, forty, fifty, and he had glasses on. “Sit down by the fire,” he said, “and I’ll get you some whisky and warm water. Dear dear dear, somebody has been beating you up.” And he gave a like tender look at my head and face.

“The police,” I said. “The horrible ghastly police.”

“Another victim,” he said, like sighing. “A victim of the modern age. I’ll go and get you that whisky and then I must clean up your wounds a little.” And off he went. I had a look round this small comfortable room. It was nearly all books now and a fire and a couple of chairs, and you could see somehow that there wasn’t a woman living there. On the table was a typewriter and a lot of like tumbled papers, and I remembered that this man was a writer. ‘A Clockwork Orange,’ that had been it. It was funny that that stuck in my mind. I must not let on, though, for I needed help and kindness now. Those horrible dirty brats in that terrible white city had done that to me, making me need help and kindness now and forcing me to want to give help and kindness myself, if anybody would take it.

“Here we are, then,” said this man returning. He gave me this hot stimulating glassful to drink, and it made me feel better, and then he cleaned up these cuts on my face. Then he said:

“You have a nice hot bath, I’ll draw it for you, and then you can tell me all about it over a nice hot supper which I’ll get ready while you’re having the bath.” O my brothers, I could have wept at his kindness, and I think he must have seen the old tears in my eyes, for he said: “There there there,” patting me on the shoulder.

Anyway, I went up and had this hot bath, and he brought in pajamas and an over-gown for me to put on, all warmed by the fire, also a very worn pair of slippers. And now, brothers, though I was aching and full of pains all over, I felt I would soon feel a lot better. I walked downstairs and saw that in the kitchen he had set the table with knives and forks and a fine big loaf of bread, also a bottle of SPECIAL SAUCE, and soon he served out a nice fry of eggs and slices of ham and bursting sausages and big huge mugs of hot sweet milky tea. It was nice sitting there in the warm, eating, and I found I was very hungry, so that after the fry I had to eat slice after slice of bread and butter spread with strawberry jam out of a big great pot. “A lot better,” I said. “How can I ever repay?”

“I think I know who you are,” he said. “If you are who I think you are, then you’ve come, my friend, to the right place. Wasn’t that your picture in the papers this morning? Are you the poor victim of this horrible new technique? If so, then you have been sent here by Providence. Tortured in prison, then thrown out to be tortured by the police. My heart goes out to you, poor poor boy.” Brothers, I could not get a word in, though I had my mouth wide open to answer his questions.

“You are not the first to come here in distress,” he said. “The police are fond of bringing their victims to the outskirts of this village. But it is providential that you, who are also another kind of victim, should come here. Perhaps, then, you have heard of me?”

I had to be very careful, brothers. I said: “I have heard of ‘A Clockwork Orange.’ I have not read it, but I have heard of it.”

“Ah,” he said, and his face shone like the sun in its flaming morning glory. “Now tell me about yourself.”

“Little enough to tell, sir,” I said, all humble. “There was a foolish and boyish prank, my so-called friends persuading or rather forcing me to break into the house of an old lady. There was no real harm meant. Unfortunately the lady strained her good old heart in trying to throw me out, though I was quite ready to go of my own accord, and then she died. I was accused of being the cause of her death. So I was sent to prison, sir.”

“Yes yes yes, go on.”

“Then I was picked out by the Minister of the Interior to have this Ludovico’s method tried out on me.”

“Tell me all about it,” he said, leaning forward eager, his sweater elbows with all strawberry jam on them from the plate I’d pushed to one side. So I told him all about it. I told him everything, my brothers. He was very eager to hear all, his eyes like shining and his mouth open, while the grease on the plates grew harder harder harder. When I had finished he got up from the table, nodding a lot and going hm hm hm, picking up the plates and other things from the table and taking them to the sink for washing up. I said:

“I will do that, sir, and gladly.”

“Rest, rest, poor lad,” he said, turning the tap on so that all steam came burping out. “You’ve sinned, I suppose, but your punishment has been out of all proportion. They have turned you into something other than a human being. You have no power of choice any longer. You are committed to socially acceptable acts, a little machine capable only of good. And I see that clearly—that business about the marginal conditionings. Music and the sexual act, literature and art, all must be a source now not of pleasure but of pain.”

“That’s right, sir,” I said, smoking one of this kind man’s cork-tipped cigarettes.

“They always bite off too much,” he said, drying a plate like absent-mindedly. “But the essential intention is the real sin. A man who cannot choose ceases to be a man.”

“That’s what the chaplain said, sir,” I said. “The prison chaplain, I mean.”

“Did he, did he? Of course he did. He’d have to, wouldn’t he, being a Christian? Well, now then,” he said, still wiping the same plate he’d been wiping ten minutes ago, “we shall have a few people in to see you tomorrow. I think you can be used, poor boy. I think that you can help dislodge this overbearing Government. To turn a decent young man into a piece of clockwork should not, surely, be seen as any triumph for any government, save one that boasts of its repressiveness.” He was still wiping this same plate. I said:

“Sir, you’re still wiping that same plate, I agree with you, sir, about boasting. This Government seems to be very boastful.”

“Oh,” he said, like seeing this plate for the first time and then putting it down. “I’m still not too handy,” he said, “with domestic chores. My wife used to do them all and leave me to my writing.”

“Your wife, sir?” I said. “Has she gone and left you?” I really wanted to know about his wife, remembering very well.

“Yes, left me,” he said, in a loud and bitter voice. “She died, you see. She was brutally raped and beaten. The shock was very great. It was in this house,” his hands were trembling, holding a wiping cloth, “in that room next door. I have had to steel myself to continue to live here, but she would have wished me to stay where her fragrant memory still lingers. Yes yes yes. Poor little girl.” I saw all clearly, my brothers, what had happened that far-off night, and seeing myself on that job, I began to feel I wanted to be sick and the pain started up in my head. This guy saw this, because my face felt it was all drained of red blood, very pale, and he would be able to see this. “You go to bed now,” he said kindly. “I’ve got the spare room ready. Poor poor boy, you must have had a terrible time. A victim of the modern age, just as she was. Poor poor poor girl.”

I had a really good night’s sleep, brothers, with no dreams at all, and the morning was very clear and frosty, and there was the very pleasant smell of breakfast frying away down below. It took me a little time to remember where I was, as it always does, but it soon came back to me and then I felt warmed and protected. But, as I lay there in the bed, waiting to be called down to breakfast, it struck me that I ought to get to know the name of this kind and motherly man, so I looked around in my bare feet looking for ‘A Clockwork Orange,’ which would be bound to have his name in, he being the author. There was nothing in my bedroom except a bed and a chair and a light, so I went next door to this man's own room, and there I saw his wife on the wall, a large blown-up photo, so I felt a little sick remembering. But there were two or three shelves of books there too, and there was, as I thought there must be, a copy of ‘A Clockwork Orange,’ and on the back of the book, like on the spine, was the author’s name—F. Alexander. Good God, I thought, he is another Alex. Then I leafed through, standing in his pajamas and bare feet but not feeling a bit cold, the cottage being warm all through, and I could not see what the book was about. It seemed written in a very crazy style, full of expressions and all that, but what seemed to come out of it was that all people nowadays were being turned into machines and that they were really—you and me and him and kiss-my-arse—more like a natural growth like a fruit. F. Alexander seemed to think that we all like grow on what he called the world-tree in the world-orchard that like God planted, and we were there because God had need of us to quench his thirsty love, or some such nonsense. I didn’t like the sound of this at all, O my brothers, and wondered how crazy this F. Alexander really was, perhaps driven mad by his wife’s death. But then he called me down in a calm voice, full of joy and love and all that, so down Your Humble Narrator went.

“You’ve slept long,” he said, ladling out boiled eggs and pulling black toast from under the grill. “It’s nearly ten already. I’ve been up hours, working.”

“Writing another book, sir?” I said.

“No no, not that now,” he said, and we sat down nicely to the old crack crack crack of eggs and crunch crunch of this black toast, very milky tea standing by in large morning mugs. “No, I’ve been on the phone to various people.”

“I thought you didn’t have a phone,” I said, spooning egg in and not watching what I was saying.

“Why?” he said, very alert like some quick animal with an egg-spoon in its hand. “Why shouldn’t you think I have a phone?”

“Nothing,” I said, “nothing, nothing.” And I wondered, brothers, how much he remembered of the earlier part of that distant night, me coming to the door with the old tale and saying to phone the doctor and she saying no phone. He took a very close look at me but then went back to being kind and cheerful and spooning up the old egg. Munching away, he said:

“Yes, I’ve called various people who will be interested in your case. You can be a very powerful weapon, you see, in ensuring that this present evil and wicked Government is not returned in the forthcoming election. The Government’s big boast, you see, is the way it has dealt with crime these last months.” He looked at me very close again over his steaming egg, and I wondered again if he was seeing what part I had so far played in his life. But he said: “Recruiting brutal young roughs for the police. Proposing debilitating and will-sapping techniques of conditioning.” All these long words, brothers, and a crazy or mad look in his eyes. “We’ve seen it all before,” he said, “in other countries. The thin end of the wedge. Before we know where we are we shall have the full apparatus of totalitarianism.” “Dear dear dear,” I thought, eating away and toast-crunching. I said:

“Where do I come into all this, sir?”

“You,” he said, still with this mad look, “are a living witness to these diabolical proposals. The people, the common people must know, must see.” He got up from his breakfast and started to walk up and down the kitchen, from the sink to the pantry, saying very angrily: “Would they like their sons to become what you, poor victim, have become? Will not the Government itself now decide what is and what is not crime and strip away the life and guts and will of whoever sees fit to displease the Government? He became quieter but did not go back to his egg. “I’ve written an article,” he said, “this morning, while you were sleeping. That will be out in a day or so, together with your unhappy picture. You shall sign it, poor boy, a record of what they have done to you.” I said:

“And what do you get out of all this, sir? I mean, besides the money you’ll get for the article, as you call it? I mean, why are you so hot and strong against this Government, if I may be so bold as to ask?”

He gripped the edge of the table and said, gritting his teeth, which were very yellow and all stained with cancer smoke: “Some of us have to fight. There are great traditions of liberty to defend. I am no partisan man. Where I see the evil I seek to erase it. Party names mean nothing. The tradition of liberty means all. The common people will let it go, oh yes. They will sell liberty for a quieter life. That is why they must be prodded, prodded—” And here, brothers, he picked up a fork and stuck it two or three times into the wall, so that it got all bent. Then he threw it on the floor. Very kindly he said: “Eat well, poor boy, poor victim of the modern world,” and I could see quite clear he was going off his head. “Eat, eat. Eat my egg as well.” But I said:

“And what do I get out of this? Do I get cured of the way I am? Do I find myself able to listen to the old Choral Symphony without being sick once more? Can I live like a normal life again? What, sir, happens to me?”

He looked at me, brothers, as if he hadn’t thought of that before and, anyway, it didn’t matter compared with Liberty and all that, and he had a look of surprise at me saying what I said, as though I was being selfish in wanting something for myself. Then he said: “Oh, as I say, you’re a living witness, poor boy. Eat up all your breakfast and then come and see what I’ve written, for it’s going into ‘The Weekly Trumpet’ under your name, you unfortunate victim.”

Well, brothers, what he had written was a very long and very emotional piece of writing, and as I read it I felt very sorry for the poor kid who was talking about his sufferings and how the Government had sapped his will and how it was up to all people to not let such a rotten and evil Government rule them again, and then of course I realized that the poor suffering kid was none other than Y. H. N.

“Very good,” I said. “Really well done. Written well you have, O sir.” And then he looked at me very narrow and said:

“What?” It was like he had not heard me before.

“Oh, that,” I said, “is what we call teenage talk. All the teens use that, sir.” So then he went off to the kitchen to wash up the dishes, and I was left in these borrowed night clothes and slippers, waiting to have done to me what was going to be done to me, because I had no plans for myself, O my brothers.

While the great F. Alexander was in the kitchen a ringing came at the door. “Ah,” he shouted, coming out wiping his hands, “it will be these people. I’ll go.” So he went and let them in, a kind of rumbling laughter of talk and hello and filthy weather and how are things in the hallway, then they went into the room with the fire and the book and the article about how I had suffered, seeing me and going Ahhh as they did it. There were three people, and F. Alex gave me their names. Z. Dolin was a very wheezy, smoky kind of a man, coughing cough cough with the end of a cancer in his throat, spilling ash all down his pants and then brushing it away with very impatient hands. He was a little round man, fat, with big thick-framed glasses on. Then there was Something Something Rubinstein, a very tall and polite guy with a real gentleman’s voice, very formal with a kind of eggy beard. And lastly there was D. B. da Silva who was quick in his movements and had this strong smell of scent coming from him. They all had a really good look at me and seemed overly pleased with what they saw. Z. Dolin said:

“All right, all right, eh? What a superb device he can be, this boy. If anything, of course, he could for preference look even more ill and more zombie-like than he does. Anything for the cause. No doubt we can think of something.”

I did not like that comment about zombie-like, brothers, and so I said: “What goes on, friends? What dost thou in mind for thy little friend have?” And F. Alexander jumped in with:

“Strange, strange, that manner of voice pricks me. We’ve come into contact before, I’m sure we have.” And he brooded, frowning. I would have to watch this, O my brothers. D. B. da Silva said:

“Public meetings, mainly. To showcase you at public meetings will be a tremendous help. And, of course, the newspaper angle is all tied up. A ruined life is the approach. We must inflame all hearts.” He showed his thirty-odd teeth, very white against his dark-colored face, he looking a little like some foreigner. I said:

“Nobody will tell me what I get out of all this. Tortured in jail, thrown out of my home by my own parents and their overbearing lodger, beaten by old men and nearly killed by the police—what is to become of me?” The Rubinstein guy came in with:

“You will see, boy, that the Party will not be ungrateful. Oh, no. At the end of it all there will be some very acceptable little surprise for you. Just you wait and see.”

“There’s only one thing I require,” I shouted out, “and that’s to be normal and healthy as I was in the good days, having my little bit of fun with real friends and not those who just call themselves that and are really more like traitors. Can you do that, eh? Can any guy restore me to what I was? That’s what I want and that’s what I want to know.”

Cough, cough, cough, coughed this Z. Dolin. “A martyr to the cause of Liberty,” he said. “You have your part to play and don’t forget it. Meanwhile, we shall look after you.” And he began to stroke my left hand as if I was like an idiot, grinning in a crazy way. I shouted:

“Stop treating me like a thing that’s just got to be used. I’m not an idiot you can impose on, you stupid siblings. Ordinary people are stupid, but I’m not ordinary and nor am I dim. Do you hear me?”

“Dim,” said F. Alexander, like pondering. “Dim. That was a name somewhere. Dim.”

“Eh?” I said. “What’s Dim got to do with it? What do you know about Dim?” And then I said: “Oh, God help us.” I didn’t like the look in F. Alexander’s eyes. I made for the door, wanting to go upstairs and get my clothes and then leave.

“I could almost believe,” said F. Alexander, showing his stained teeth, his eyes mad. “But such things are impossible. For, by God, if he were I’d tear him. I’d split him, by God, yes yes, so I would.”

“There,” said D. B. da Silva, stroking his chest like he was a dog to calm him down. “It’s all in the past. It was other people altogether. We must help this poor victim. That’s what we must do now, remembering the Future and our Cause.”

“I’ll just get my clothes,” I said, at the stair-foot, “that is to say clothes, and then I’ll be leaving all on my own. I mean, my gratitude for all, but I have my own life to live.” Because, brothers, I wanted to get out of here really fast. But Z. Dolin said:

“Ah, no. We have you, friend, and we keep you. You come with us. Everything will be all right, you’ll see.” And he came up to me ready to grab hold of my hand again. Then, brothers, I thought of fighting, but thinking of fighting made me want to collapse and feel sick, so I just stood. And then I saw this madness in F. Alexander’s eyes and said:

“Whatever you say. I am in your hands. But let’s get it started and all over, brothers.” Because what I wanted now was to get out of this place called HOME. I was beginning not to like the look of the eyes of F. Alexander one little bit.

“Good,” said this Rubinstein. “Get dressed and let’s get started.”

“Dim dim dim,” F. Alexander kept saying in a low mutter. “What or who was this Dim?” I went upstairs really fast and dressed in almost two seconds flat. Then I was out with these three and into a car, Rubinstein one side of me and Z. Dolin coughing cough cough the other side. D. B. da Silva was driving, into the town and to an apartment block not really all that distant from what had used to be my own apartment block or home. “Come, boy, out,” said Z. Dolin, coughing to make the end of his illness glow red like some small furnace. “This is where you shall be installed.” So we went in, and there was like another of these Dignity of Labour things on the wall of the vestibule, and we went up in the lift, brothers, and then went into a flat like all the flats of all the apartment blocks of the town. Very very small, with two bedrooms and one living-eating-working room, the table of this all covered with books and papers and ink and bottles and all that stuff. “Here is your new home,” said D. B. da Silva. “Settle here, boy. Food is in the food cupboard. Pajamas are in a drawer. Rest, rest, disturbed spirit.”

“Eh?” I said, not quite understanding that.

“All right,” said Rubinstein, with his bright voice. “We are now leaving you. Work has to be done. We’ll be with you later. Occupy yourself as best you can.”

“One thing,” coughed Z. Dolin cough cough cough. “You saw what stirred in the tortured memory of our friend F. Alexander. Was it, by chance—? That is to say, did you—? I think you know what I mean. We won’t let it go any further.”

“I’ve paid,” I said. “God knows I’ve paid for what I did. I’ve paid not only for myself but for those siblings too that called themselves my friends.” I felt violent so then I felt a bit sick. “I’ll lie down a bit,” I said. “I’ve been through terrible, terrible times.”

“You have,” said D. B. da Silva, showing all his thirty teeth. “You do that.”

So they left me, brothers. They went off about their business, which I took to be about politics and all that stuff, and I was on the bed, all on my own with everything very very quiet. I just laid there with my shoes kicked off my feet and my tie loose, like all bewildered and not knowing what sort of life I was going to live now. And all sorts of pictures kept passing through my mind, of the different people I’d met at school and in the Jail, and the different things that had happened to me, and how there was not one person you could trust in the whole world. And then I dozed off, brothers.

When I woke up I could hear loud music coming out of the wall, really loud, and it was that that had dragged me out of my bit of sleep. It was a symphony that I knew really well but had not heard for many years, namely the Symphony Number Three of the Danish composer Otto Skadelig, a very loud and violent piece, especially in the first movement, which was what was playing now. I listened for two seconds in like interest and joy, but then it all came over me, the start of the pain and the sickness, and I began to groan deep down in my insides. And then there I was, me who had loved music so much, crawling off the bed and going oh oh oh to myself and then bang bang banging on the wall shouting: “Stop, stop it, turn it off!” But it went on and it seemed to be getting louder. So I pounded on the wall till my knuckles were all red and torn skin, shouting and shouting, but the music did not stop. Then I thought I had to get away from it, so I lurched out of the small bedroom and hurried quickly to the front door of the flat, but this had been locked from the outside and I could not get out. And all the time the music got more and more loud, like it was all a deliberate torture, O my brothers. So I stuck my little fingers real deep in my eyes, but the trombones and kettledrums blasted through loud enough. So I shouted again for them to stop and went hammer hammer hammer on the wall, but it made not one little bit of difference. “Oh, what am I to do?” I cried to myself. “Oh, God in Heaven help me.” I was wandering all over the flat in pain and sickness, trying to shut out the music and groaning deep out of my guts, and then on top of the pile of books and papers and all that stuff that was on the table in the living room I saw what I had to do and what I had wanted to do until those old men in the Public Library, and then Dim and Billyboy disguised as policemen stopped me, and that was to end it all, to kill myself, to escape forever out of this wicked and cruel world. What I saw was the word DEATH on the cover of a pamphlet, even though it was only DEATH to THE GOVERNMENT. And like it was Fate there was another small booklet which had an open window on the cover, and it said:

“Open the window to fresh air, fresh ideas, a new way of living.” And so I knew that was like telling me to finish it all off by jumping out. One moment of pain, perhaps, and then sleep forever and ever and ever.

The music was still pouring in all brass and drums and the violins miles up through the wall. The window in the room where I had laid down was open. I went to it and saw a fair drop to the cars and buses and waiting people below. I shouted out to the world: “Good-bye, good-bye, may God forgive you for a ruined life.” Then I got on to the sill, the music blasting away to my left, and I shut my eyes and felt the cold wind on my face, then I jumped.

I jumped, O my brothers, and I fell on the sidewalk hard, but I did not die, oh no. If I had died I would not be here to write what I have written. It seems that the jump was not from a big enough height to kill. But I cracked my back and my wrists and legs and felt very strong pain before I passed out, brothers, with astonished and surprised faces of people in the streets looking at me from above. And just before I passed out I clearly saw that not one person in the whole world was for me and that that music through the wall had all been like arranged by those who were supposed to be my new friends and that it was some sort of thing like this that they wanted for their horrible selfish and boastful politics. All that was in like a millionth part of one minute before I let go of the world and the sky and the faces of the staring people that were above me.

Where I was when I came back to life after a long dark absence of it might have been a million years was a hospital, all white and with this smell of hospitals you get, all like sour and smug and clean. These antiseptic things you get in hospitals should have a real wonderful smell of like frying onions or of flowers. I came very slowly back to knowing who I was and I was all wrapped up in white and I could not feel anything in my body, pain nor sensation nor any thing at all. All around my head was a bandage and there were bits of stuff like stuck to my face, and my hands were all in bandages and like bits of stick were like fixed to my fingers like it might be flowers to make them grow straight, and my poor old legs were all straightened out too, and it was all bandages and wire cages, and into my right hand, near the shoulder, was red blood dripping from a jar upside down. But I could not feel anything, O my brothers. There was a nurse sitting by my bed and she was reading some book that was all very dim print and you could see it was a story because of a lot of quotation marks, and she was like breathing hard uh uh uh over it, so it must have been a story about the old in-out in-out. She was a real wonderful girl, this nurse, with a very red mouth and like long lashes over her eyes, and under her like very stiff uniform you could see she had very wonderful assets. So I said to her: “What’s happening, O my little sister? Come you and have a nice lie down with your little friend in this bed.” But the words didn’t come out well at all, it being as though my mouth was all stiffened up, and I could feel with my tongue that some of my teeth were no longer there. But this nurse like jumped and dropped her book on the floor and said:

“Oh, you’ve recovered consciousness.”

That was like a big shock for a small girl like her, and I tried to say so, but the words came out only like er er er. She quickly left and left me on my own, and I could see now that I was in a small room of my own, not in one of these long wards like I had been in as a very little boy, full of coughing dying old people all around to make you want to get well and fit again. It had been like diphtheria I had had then, O my brothers.

It was like now as though I could not hold onto being conscious all that long, because I was like asleep again almost right away, very quickly, but in a minute or two I was sure that this nurse girl had come back and had brought men in white coats with her and they were looking at me very seriously and going hm hm hm at Your Humble Narrator. And with them I was sure there was the old man from the prison speaking: “Oh my son, my son,” breathing a like very stale smell of whisky onto me and then saying: “But I would not stay, oh no. I could not in any way agree to what those youngsters are going to do to other poor offenders. O I got out and am preaching sermons now about it all, my little beloved son in J. C.”

I woke up again later on and who should I see there round the bed but the three from whose apartment I had jumped out, namely D. B. da Silva and Something Something Rubinstein and Z. Dolin. “Friend,” one of these men was saying, but I could not see, or hear clearly which one, “friend, little friend,” this voice was saying, “the people are on fire with indignation. You have killed those horrible boastful villains’ chances of re-election. They will go and will go forever. You have served Liberty well.” I tried to say:

“If I had died it would have been even better for you political youngsters, would it not, pretending and treacherous friends as you are.” But all that came out was er er er. Then one of these three seemed to hold out a lot of bits cut from newspapers and what I could see was a horrible picture of me all bloodied on a stretcher being carried off and I seemed to remember a kind of flashing of lights which must have been photographers. Out of one eye I could read like headlines which were sort of trembling in the hand of the man that held them, like BOY VICTIM OF CRIMINAL REFORM SCHEME and GOVERNMENT AS MURDERER and there was like a picture of a man that looked familiar to me and it said OUT OUT OUT, and that would be the Minister of the Interior. Then the nurse girl said:

“You shouldn’t be exciting him like that. You shouldn’t be doing anything that will make him upset. Now come on, let’s get you out.” I tried to say:

“Out out out,” but it was er er er again. Anyway, these three political men went. And I went, too, only back to the land, back to all blackness lit up by like strange dreams which I didn’t know whether they were dreams or not, O my brothers. Like for instance I had this idea of my whole body being like emptied of as it might be dirty water and then filled up again with clean. And then there were really lovely and wonderful dreams of being in some man’s car that had been broken by me and driving up and down the world all on my own running girls down and hearing them scream they were dying, and in me no pain and no sickness. And also there were dreams of doing the old in-out in-out with girls, forcing them down on the ground and making them have it and everybody standing around clapping their hands and cheering like crazy. And then I woke up again and it was my mother and father come to see their ill son, my mother crying very loudly. I could talk a lot better now and could say: “Well well well well well, what’s happening? What makes you think you are like welcome?” My father said, in a like ashamed way:

“You were in the papers, son. It said they had done great wrong to you. It said how the Government drove you to try and harm yourself. And it was our fault too, in a way, son. Your home’s your home, when all’s said and done, son.” And my mum kept on crying and looking ugly as anything. So I said:

“And how is the new son Joe? Well and healthy and prosperous, I trust and pray?” My mum said:

“Oh, Alex Alex. Owwwwwwww.” My father said:

“A very awkward thing, son. He got into a bit of trouble with the police and was arrested by the police.”

“Really?” I said. “Really? Such a good sort of man and all. Amazed proper I am, honest.”

“Minding his own business he was,” said my father. “And the police told him to move on. Waiting at a corner he was, son, to see a girl he was going to meet. And they told him to move on and he said he had rights like everybody else, and then they sort of fell on him and hit him about cruelly.”

“Terrible,” I said. “Really terrible. And where is the poor boy now?”

“Owwwww,” cried my mum. “Gone back home.”

“Yes,” said dad. “He’s gone back to his own hometown to get better. They’ve had to give his job here to somebody else.”

“So now,” I said, “You’re willing for me to move back in again and things be like they were before.”

“Yes, son,” said my father. “Please, son.”

“I’ll consider it,” I said. “I’ll think about it real carefully.”

“Owwwww,” went my mum.

“Ah, be quiet,” I said, “or I’ll give you something proper to cry and scream about. Kick your teeth in I will.” And, O my brothers, saying that made me feel a little bit better, as if all like fresh red blood was flowing all through my body. That was something I had to think about. It was like as though to get better I had had to get worse.

“That’s no way to speak to your mother, son,” said my father. “After all, she brought you into the world.”

“Yes,” I said. “And a right dirty rotten world too.” I shut my eyes tight in like pain and said: “Go away now. I’ll think about coming back. But things will have to be very different.”

“Yes, son,” said my father. “Anything you say.”

“You’ll have to make up your mind,” I said, “who’s to be boss.”

“Owwwwww,” my mum went on.

“Very good, son,” said my father. “Things will be as you like. Only get well.”

When they had gone I lay and thought a bit about different things, like all different pictures passing through my mind, and when the nurse girl came back in and like straightened the sheets on the bed I said to her:

“How long have I been in here?”

“A week or so,” she said.

“And what have they been doing to me?”

“Well,” she said, “you were all broken up and bruised and had sustained severe concussion and had lost a lot of blood. They’ve had to put all that right, haven’t they?”

“But,” I said, “has anyone been doing anything with my mind? What I mean is, have they been playing around with inside like my brain?”

“Whatever they’ve done,” she said, “it’ll all be for the best.”

But a couple of days later a couple of like doctor men came in, both younger men with these very sweet smiles, and they had like a picture book with them. One of them said:

“We want you to have a look at these and to tell us what you think about them. All right?”

“What’s happening, O little friends?” I said. “What new crazy idea do you have in mind?” So they both had a like embarrassed smile at that and then they sat down either side of the bed and opened up this book. On the first page there was like a photograph of a bird nest full of eggs.

“Yes?” one of these doctor men said.

“A bird nest,” I said, “full of like eggs. Very very nice.”

“And what would you like to do about it?” the other one said.

“Oh,” I said, “smash them. Pick up the lot and like throw them against a wall or a cliff or something and then see them all smash up really wonderfully.”

“Good good,” they both said, and then the page was turned. It was like a picture of one of these big great birds called peacocks with all its tail spread out in all colors in a very boastful way. “Yes?” said one of these men.

“I would like,” I said, “to pull out like all those feathers in its tail and hear it scream in agony. For being so like boastful.”

“Good,” they both said, “good good good.” And they went on turning the pages. There were like pictures of really beautiful girls, and I said I would like to give them the old in-out in-out with lots of extreme violence. There were like pictures of men being kicked straight in the face and all red blood everywhere and I said I would like to be in on that. And there was a picture of the old close friend of the prison man carrying his cross up a hill, and I said I would like to have the old hammer and nails. Good good good, I said:

“What is all this?”

“Deep hypnopaedia,” or some such word, said one of these two men. “You seem to be cured.”

“Cured?” I said. “Me tied down to this bed like this and you say cured? Kiss my behind is what I say.”

So I waited and, O my brothers, I got a lot better, munching away at eggs and slices of toast and drinking big great mugs of milky tea, and then one day they said I was going to have a very very very special visitor.

“Who?” I said, while they straightened the bed and combed my luscious hair for me, me having the bandage off now from my head and the hair growing again.

“You’ll see, you’ll see,” they said. And I saw all right. At two-thirty of the afternoon there were like all photographers and men from newspapers with notebooks and pencils and all that stuff. And, brothers, they near trumpeted a big fanfare for this great and important man who was coming to see Your Humble Narrator. And in he came, and of course it was none other than the Minister of the Interior, dressed in the height of fashion and with this very upper-class posh voice. Flash flash bang went the cameras when he put out his hand to me to shake it. I said:

“Well well well well well. What’s happening then, old friend?”

Nobody seemed to quite understand that, but somebody said in a like harsh voice:

“Be more respectful, boy, in addressing the Minister.”

“Forget that,” I said, like snarling like a dog. “Big great nonsense to you and yours.”

“All right, all right,” said the Interior one very quickly. “He speaks to me as a friend, don’t you, son?”

“I am everyone’s friend,” I said. “Except to my enemies.”

“Well,” said the Int Min, sitting down by my bed. “I and the Government of which I am a member want you to regard us as friends. Yes, friends. We have set you right, yes? You are getting the best of treatment. We never wished you harm, but there are some who did and do. And I think you know who those are.”

“Yes yes yes,” he said. “There are certain men who wanted to use you, yes, use you for political ends. They would have been glad, yes, glad for you to be dead, for they thought they could then blame it all on the Government. I think you know who those men are.”

“There is a man,” said the Int Min, “called F. Alexander, a writer of subversive literature, who has been howling for your blood. He has been mad with desire to stick a knife in you. But you’re safe from him now. We put him away.”

“He was supposed to be like a friend,” I said. “Like a mother to me was what he was.”

“He found out that you had done wrong to him. At least,” said the Minister very very quickly, “he believed you had done wrong. He formed this idea in his mind that you had been responsible for the death of someone near and dear to him.”

“What you mean,” I said, “is that he was told.”

“He had this idea,” said the Minister. “He was a menace. We put him away for his own protection. And also,” he said, “for yours.”

“Kind,” I said. “Most kind of you.”

“When you leave here,” said the Minister, “you will have no worries. We shall see to everything. A good job on a good salary. Because you are helping us.”

“Am I?” I said.

“We always help our friends, don’t we?” And then he took my hand and some guy shouted: “Smile!” and I smiled like crazy without thinking, and then flash flash crack flash bang there were pictures being taken of me and the Minister all friendly together. “Good boy,” said this great man.

“Good good boy. And now, see, a present.”

What was brought in now, brothers, was a big shiny box, and I saw clear what sort of a thing it was. It was a stereo. It was put down next to the bed and opened up and some guy plugged its lead into the wall-socket. “What shall it be?” asked a guy with glasses on his nose, and he had in his hands lovely shiny records full of music. “Mozart? Beethoven? Schoenberg? Carl Orff?”

“The Ninth,” I said. “The glorious Ninth.”

And the Ninth it was, O my brothers. Everybody began to leave nice and quiet while I laid there with my eyes closed, listening to the lovely music. The Minister said: “Good good boy,” patting me on the shoulder, then he left. Only one guy was left, saying: “Sign here, please.” I opened my eyes up to sign, not knowing what I was signing and not, O my brothers, caring either. Then I was left alone with the glorious Ninth of Ludwig van.

Oh it was beautiful and delicious. When it came to the Scherzo I could see myself very clear running and running on like very light and mysterious legs, carving the whole face of the screaming world with my cut-throat razor. And there was the slow movement and the lovely last singing movement still to come. I was cured all right.

7

“What’s it going to be then, eh?”

There was me, Your Humble Narrator, and my three friends, that is Len, Rick, and Bully. Bully being called Bully because of his very big neck and very loud voice which was just like some great bull bellowing. We were sitting in the Korova Milkbar making up our minds what to do with the evening, a flip dark chill winter night though dry. All around were guys well away on milk plus drugs and other things which take you far far far away from this wicked and real world into the land to see God And All His Holy Angels And Saints in your left side with lights bursting and spurting all over your brain. What we were drinking was the old milk with knives in it, as we used to say, to sharpen you up and make you ready for a little trouble, but I’ve told you all that before.

We were dressed in the height of fashion, which in those days was these very wide trousers and a very loose black shiny leather jacket over an open-necked shirt with a like scarf tucked in. At this time too it was the height of fashion to shave the head, so that most of the head was like bald and there was hair only on the sides. But it was always the same on the old legs—real horrible big boots for kicking faces in.

“What’s it going to be then, eh?”

I was like the oldest of the four of us, and they all looked up to me as their leader, but I got the idea sometimes that Bully had the thought in his head that he would like to take over, this being because of his bigness and the loud voice that bellowed out of him when he was upset. But all the ideas came from Your Humble, O my brothers, and also there was this thing that I had been famous and had had my picture and articles and all that stuff in the newspapers. Also I had by far the best job of us four, being in the National Gramophone Archives on the music side with a real great salary at the week’s end and a lot of nice free records for my own self on the side.

This evening in the Korova there was a fair number of guys and girls laughing and drinking away, and cutting through their talking and the babbling of the locals with their “Gorgor fallatuke and the worm sprays in filltip slaughterballs” and all that noise you could hear a pop-disc on the stereo, this being Ned Achimota singing “That Day, Yeah, That Day.” At the counter were three girls dressed in the height of fashion, that is to say long uncombed hair dyed white and false breasts sticking out a meter or more and very very tight short skirts with all like frothy white underneath, and Bully kept saying: “Hey, we could get in there, three of us. Old Len is not interested. Leave old Len alone with his God.” And Len kept saying: “Forget that. Where is the spirit of all for one and one for all, eh boy?” Suddenly I felt both very very tired and also full of tingly energy, and I said: 

“Out out out out out.”

“Where to?” said Rick, who had a face like a frog’s.

“Oh, just to see what’s happening in the great outside,” I said. But somehow, my brothers, I felt very bored and a bit hopeless, and I had been feeling that a lot these days. So I turned to the guy nearest me on the big plush seat that ran all around the whole place, a guy, that is, who was babbling away under the influence, and I punched him real quickly in the belly. But he felt it not, brothers, only babbling away with his “Cart cart virtue, where in the world lie the popcorns?” So we left into the big winter night.

We walked down Marghanita Boulevard and there were no police patrolling that way, so when we met a drunken guy coming away from a news-kiosk where he had been buying a newspaper I said to Bully: “All right, Bully boy, you can if you want.” More and more these days I had been just giving the orders and standing back to watch them being carried out. So Bully jumped into him, and the other two tripped him and kicked at him, laughing away, while he was down and then let him crawl off to where he lived, like whimpering to himself. Bully said:

“How about a nice drink of something to keep out the cold, O Alex?” For we were not too far from the Duke of New York. The other two nodded yes yes yes but all looked at me to see whether that was all right. I nodded too and so off we went. Inside the bar there were these pretty girls or barmaids you will remember from the beginning and they all started on their: “Evening, lads, God bless you, boys, best lads living, that’s what you are,” waiting for us to say “What’s it going to be, girls?” Bully rang the bell and a waiter came in rubbing his hands on his greasy apron. “Drinks on the table, friends,” said Bully, pulling out his own rattling and clinking pile of money. “Whiskey for us and the same for the pretty barmaids, eh?” And then I said:

“Ah, to hell. Let them buy their own.” I didn’t know what it was, but these last days I had become like mean. There had come into my head a desire to keep all my money to myself, to like hoard it all for some reason. Bully said:

“What’s up, buddy? What’s coming over old Alex?”

“Ah, to hell,” I said. “I don’t know. I don’t know. What it is is I don’t like just throwing away my hard-earned money, that’s what it is.”

“Earned?” said Rick. “Earned? It doesn’t have to be earned, as you well know, old friend. Took, that’s all, just took, like.” And he laughed real loud and I saw one or two of his teeth weren’t all that great.

“Ah,” I said, “I’ve got some thinking to do.” But seeing these barmaids looking all eager for some free drinks, I shrugged my shoulders and pulled out my own money from my trouser pocket, notes and coins all mixed together, and plonked it down on the table.

“Scotchmen all round, right,” said the waiter. But for some reason I said:

“No, boy, for me make it one small beer, right.” Len said:

“This I do not much go for,” and he began to put his hand on my head, like joking I must have fever, but I like snarled dog-like for him to stop quickly.

“All right, all right, friend,” he said. “As you like say.” But Bully was having a look with his mouth open at something that had come out of my pocket with the pretty money I’d put on the table. He said:

“Well well well. And we never knew.”

“Give me that,” I snarled and grabbed it quickly. I couldn’t explain how it had got there, brothers, but it was a photograph I had cut out of the old newspaper and it was of a baby. It was of a baby gurgling goo goo goo with all like milk dribbling from its mouth and looking up and like smiling at everybody, and its was all naked and its flesh was like in all folds with being a very fat baby. There was then like a bit of laughter struggling to get hold of this bit of paper from me, so I had to snarl again at them and I grabbed the photo and tore it up into tiny pieces and let it fall like a bit of snow on the floor. The whisky came in then and the older ladies said: “Good health, lads, God bless you, boys, the best boys living, that’s what you are,” and all that stuff. And one of them who was all lines and wrinkles and no teeth in her shrunken old mouth said: “Don’t tear up money, son. If you don’t need it give it to those who do,” which was very bold and forward of her. But Rick said:

“Money that was not, O lady. It was a picture of a dear little itsy witsy bitsy baby.” I said:

“I’m getting just that bit tired, that I am. It’s you who’re the babies, you lot. Eating and grinning and all you can do is laugh and give people big cowardly hits when they can’t give them back.” Bully said:

“Well now, we always thought it was you who was the king of that and also the teacher. Not well, that’s the trouble with you, old friend.”

I saw this sloppy glass of beer I had on the table in front of me and felt like all nauseous within, so I went “Aaaaah” and poured all the frothy stinky stuff all over the floor. One of the older girls said:

“Waste not want not.” I said:

“Look, friends. Listen. Tonight I am somehow just not in the mood. I know not why or how it is, but there it is. You three go your own ways this night, leaving me out. Tomorrow we shall meet same place same time, me hoping to be a lot better.”

“Oh,” said Bully, “right sorry I am.” But you could see a like gleam in his eyes, because now he would be taking over for this night. Power power, everybody like wants power. “We can postpone till tomorrow,” said Bully, “what we had in mind. Namely, that bit of shoplifting in Gagarin Street. Huge profits there, friend, for the taking.”

“No,” I said. “You postpone nothing. You just carry on in your own style. Now,” I said, “I’m off.” And I got up from my chair.

“Where to, then?” asked Rick.

“That I do not know,” I said. “Just to be on my own and sort things out.” You could see the old ladies were really puzzled at me going out like that and being all moody and not the bright and smiling young boy you will remember. But I said: “Ah, to hell, to hell,” and dashed out all on my own into the street.

It was dark and there was a wind sharp as a knife getting up, and there were very very few people about. There were these patrol cars with brutal officers inside them like cruising about, and now and then on the corner you would see a couple of very young police officers stamping against the cold and letting out steamy breath on the winter air, O my brothers. I suppose really a lot of the old extreme violence and theft was dying out now, the officers being so brutal with who they caught, though it had become like a fight between naughty kids and the officers who could be quicker with the knife and the razor and the stick and even the gun. But what was the matter with me these days was that I didn’t care much. It was like something soft getting into me and I could not understand why. What I wanted these days I did not know. Even the music I liked to listen to in my own small room what I would have laughed at before, brothers. I was listening more like small romantic songs, what they call art songs, just a voice and a piano, very quiet and like yearning, different from when it had been all big orchestras and me lying on the bed between the violins and the trombones and kettledrums. There was something happening inside me, and I wondered if it was like some disease or if it was what they had done to me that time upsetting my head and perhaps going to make me really crazy.

So thinking like this with my head bent and my hands stuck in my trouser pockets I walked the town, brothers, and at last I began to feel very tired and also in great need of a nice big cup of milky tea. Thinking about this tea, I got a sudden image of me sitting before a big fire in an armchair sipping away at this tea, and what was funny and very very strange was that I seemed to have turned into a very old man, about seventy years old, because I could see my own hair, which was very grey, and I also had whiskers, and these were very grey too. I could see myself as an old man, sitting by a fire, and then the image vanished. But it was very strange.

I came to one of these tea-and-coffee places, brothers, and I could see through the long window that it was full of very dull people, like ordinary, who had these very patient and expressionless faces and would do no harm to anyone, all sitting there and talking quietly and sipping away at their nice harmless tea and coffee. I went inside and went up to the counter and bought me a nice hot tea with plenty of milk, then I went to one of these tables and sat down to drink it. There was a young couple at this table, sipping and smoking filter-tip cigarettes, and talking and laughing very quietly between themselves, but I took no notice of them and just went on sipping away and dreaming and wondering what it was in me that was changing and what was going to happen to me. But I noticed that the girl at this table who was with this guy was really beautiful, not the sort you would want to like throw down and sleep with, but with a beautiful figure and face and a smiling mouth and very very fair hair and all that. And then the guy with her, who had a hat on his head and had his face turned away from me, turned around to see the big clock they had on the wall in this place, and then I saw who he was and then he saw who I was. It was Pete, one of my three friends from those days when it was Georgie and Dim and him and me. It was Pete looking a lot older though he could not now be more than nineteen and a bit, and he had a bit of a moustache and an ordinary suit and this stick. I said:

“Well well well, friend, what gives? Very very long time no see.” He said:

“It’s little Alex, isn’t it?”

“None other,” I said. “A long long long time since those dead and gone good days. And now poor Georgie, they told me, is underground and old Dim is a brutal officer, and here is you and here is I, and what news have you, old friend?”

“He talks funny, doesn’t he?” said this girl, like giggling.

“This,” said Pete to the girl, “is an old friend. His name is Alex. May I,” he said to me, “introduce my wife?”

My mouth fell wide open then. “Wife?” I like gaped. “Wife wife wife? Ah no, that cannot be. Too young are you to be married, old friend. Impossible impossible.”

This girl who was Pete’s wife (impossible impossible) giggled again and said to Pete: “Did you used to talk like that too?”

“Well,” said Pete, and he like smiled. “I’m nearly twenty. Old enough to be married, and it’s been two months already. You were very young and very forward, remember.”

“Well,” I like gaped still. “Over this I cannot get, old friend. Pete married. Well well well.”

“We have a small flat,” said Pete. “I am earning very little money at State Marine Insurance, but things will get better, that I know. And Georgina here-”

“What again is that name?” I said, mouth still open like crazy. Pete’s wife. (wife, brothers) like giggled again.

“Georgina,” said Pete. “Georgina works too. Typing, you know. We manage, we manage.” I could not, brothers, take my eyes off him, really. He was like grown up now, with a grown-up voice and all. “You must,” said Pete, “come and see us sometime. You still,” he said, “look very young, despite all your terrible experiences. Yes yes, yes, we’ve read all about them. But, of course, you are very young still.”

“Eighteen,” I said, “Just gone.”

“Eighteen, eh?” said Pete. “As old as that. Well well well. Now,” he said, “we have to be going.” And he like gave this Georgina of his a loving look and pressed one of her hands between his and she gave him one of these looks back, O my brothers. “Yes,” said Pete, turning back to me, “we’re off to a little party at Greg’s.”

“Greg?” I said.

“Oh, of course,” said Pete, “you wouldn’t know Greg, would you? Greg is after your time. While you were away Greg came into the picture. He runs little parties, you know. Mostly wine and word-games. But very nice, very pleasant, you know. Harmless, if you see what I mean.”

“Yes,” I said. “Harmless. Yes, yes, I see that real nice.” And this Georgina girl giggled again at my words. And then these two went off to their nice word-games at this Greg’s, whoever he was. I was left all on my own with my milky tea, which was getting cold now, like thinking and wondering.

Perhaps that was it, I kept thinking. Perhaps I was getting too old for the sort of life I had been leading, brothers. I was eighteen now, just gone. Eighteen was not a young age. At eighteen old Wolfgang Amadeus had written concertos and symphonies and operas and oratorios and all that nice music. And then there was old Felix M. with his Midsummer Night’s Dream Overture. And there were others. And there was this French poet set by old Benjy Britt, who had done all his best poetry by the age of fifteen, O my brothers. Arthur, his first name. Eighteen was not all that young an age, then. But what was I going to do?

Walking the dark chill streets of winter after finishing off from this tea-and-coffee place, I kept seeing visions, like these cartoons in the newspapers. There was Your Humble Narrator Alex coming home from work to a good hot plate of dinner, and there was this girl all welcoming and greeting like loving. But I could not see her all that well, brothers, I could not think who it might be. But I had this sudden very strong idea that if I walked into the room next to this room where the fire was burning away and my hot dinner laid on the table, there I should find what I really wanted, and now it all came together, that picture cut out of the newspaper and meeting old Pete like that. For in that other room in a bed was laying gurgling goo goo goo my son. Yes yes yes, brothers, my son. And now I felt this big hollow inside my body, feeling very surprised too at myself. I knew what was happening, O my brothers. I was like growing up.

Yes yes yes, there it was. Youth must go, ah yes. But youth is only being in a way like it might be an animal. No, it is not just like being an animal so much as being like one of these little toys you see being sold in the streets, like little boys made out of tin and with a spring inside and then a winding handle on the outside and you wind it up grrr grrr grrr and off it goes, like walking, O my brothers. But it goes in a straight line and bumps straight into things bang bang and it cannot help what it is doing. Being young is like being like one of these little machines.

My son, my son. When I had my son I would explain all that to him when he was old enough to understand. But then I knew he would not understand or would not want to understand at all and would do all the things I had done, yes perhaps even killing some poor helpless girl surrounded with mewing cats, and I would not be able to really stop him. And nor would he be able to stop his own son, brothers. And so it would continue on to like the end of the world, round and round and round, like some big gigantic man, like old God Himself (by courtesy of Korova Milkbar) turning and turning and turning a dirty orange in his gigantic hands.

But first of all, brothers, there was this thing of finding some girl or other who would be a mother to this son. I would have to start on that tomorrow, I kept thinking. That was something like new to do. That was something I would have to get started on, a new chapter beginning.

That’s what it’s going to be then, brothers, as I come to the end of this tale. You have been everywhere with your little friend Alex, suffering with him, and you have seen some of the most dirty things old God ever made, all on to your old friend Alex. And all it was was that I was young. But now as I end this story, brothers, I am not young, not any longer, oh no. Alex is growing up, oh yes.

But where I am now, O my brothers, is all on my own, where you cannot go. Tomorrow is all like sweet flowers and the turning dirty earth and the stars and the old Moon up there and your old friend Alex all on his own seeking like a mate. And all that stuff. A terrible dirty world, really, O my brothers. And so farewell from your little friend. And to all others in this story profound sounds of music. And they can kiss my shame. But you, O my brothers, remember sometimes your little Alex that was. Amen. And all that stuff.