Thank you for downloading the book from the free online library Royallib.ru: http://royallib.ru

All of the author's books: http://royallib.ru/author/Burgess_Antony.html

This book in other formats: http://royallib.ru/book/Burgess_Antony/A_Clockwork_Orange.html

Enjoy your reading!

---

**A Clockwork Orange**

by Anthony Burgess

---

**Introduction**

Anthony Burgess was born in Manchester in 1917 and graduated from the university there. After serving six years in the Army, he worked as an instructor for the Central Advisory Council for Forces Education, as a lecturer in Phonetics, and as a grammar school teacher. From 1954 to 1960, he served as an education officer in the Colonial Service, stationed in Malaya and Brunei.

He became a full-time writer in 1960, although his first novel was published four years earlier. A late starter in fiction, he had previously focused his creative energy on music, composing many full-length works for orchestra and other formats.

Anthony Burgess continues to be interested in music and linguistics, which influence the style and content of his novels. Though he and his wife no longer live abroad, foreign travel remains a significant source of inspiration. To date, he has published many novels, a book on linguistics, and various critical works.

His other books published by Penguin include “Inside Mr Enderby,” “Tremor of Intent,” and “Nothing Like the Sun,” a story about Shakespeare’s love life.

---

**Part One**

1

“What are we going to do then, huh?”

It was me, Alex, along with my three friends: Pete, Georgie, and Dim. Dim really was dim, and we were sitting in the Korova Milkbar trying to figure out what to do with our evening, a chilly winter night, though dry. The Korova Milkbar was a place that served milk with a twist, and you might have forgotten what these places were like, as things change so quickly these days and people tend to forget easily. Not many read newspapers anymore either. Well, what they sold there was milk plus something extra. They didn’t have a license to sell alcohol, but there was no law yet against mixing some of the new substances into the milk. So you could spike it with things like vellocet, synthemesc, or drencrom, among a few others, which would give you a nice, pleasant buzz for about fifteen minutes, during which you’d feel like you were seeing God and all His holy angels and saints while lights flashed in your head. Or you could drink milk with something sharp in it, as we used to say, which would energize you and get you ready for a bit of trouble. That’s what we were planning for that evening as I start the story.

Our pockets were full of cash, so there was no real need to rob some old man in an alley and watch him bleed while we counted the money and split it four ways, or to violently attack some scared older woman in a store and leave with the cash register’s contents. But, as they say, money isn’t everything.

The four of us were dressed in the latest fashion, which at that time was a pair of very tight black tights, with what we called a jelly mold fitting in the crotch, meant to protect and also serve as a design you could see in certain light. Mine was shaped like a spider, Pete had one shaped like a hand, Georgie’s was a fancy flower, and poor Dim’s was just a clown’s face. Dim never had much understanding of things and, without a doubt, was the dimmest of us four. We wore jackets without lapels but with overly large padded shoulders, which we called 'pletchoes' as a joke about looking strong. We had off-white cravats that looked like whipped potatoes with a forked design on them. Our hair was kept relatively short, and we wore flashy boots for kicking.

“What’s it going to be then, eh?”

There were three girls sitting at the counter, but we were four guys and usually stuck together. The girls were dressed fashionably as well, with purple, green, and orange wigs, each probably costing three or four weeks of their pay, and matching makeup (rainbows around their eyes and heavy lipstick). They wore long, straight black dresses, and on the lower part of their dresses were little silver badges with names of past boyfriends—names like Joe and Mike. These were supposed to be the names of different boys they had been with before they turned fourteen. They kept glancing our way, and I almost suggested that three of us sneak off with one of them and leave poor old Dim behind, but that wouldn’t really be fair. Dim was very unattractive, just like his name, but he was an excellent fighter and very good with his feet.

“What’s it going to be then, eh?”

The guy sitting next to me, sprawled out on the long, soft bench that ran along three walls, was clearly out of it, his eyes glazed over and mumbling strange phrases like “Aristotle's confusing ideas about cyclamen are smart.” He was really lost in his own world, and I understood what that felt like, having tried it myself like everyone else had. But at that moment, I thought it was a cowardly thing, my friends. You'd lie there after drinking the milk, and everything around you seemed to belong to the past. You could clearly see it all—tables, the stereo, lights, and the guys and girls—but it felt like something that used to exist but was no longer there. You’d find yourself staring at your boot or your fingernail, and at the same time, you’d feel like you were being grabbed by the neck and shaken like a cat. You got shaken and shaken until there was nothing left. You lost your name, your body, and your sense of self, and you just didn’t care. You’d wait until your boot or fingernail turned yellow, then more and more yellow. Then the lights would crack like explosions, and your boot, fingernail, or even a speck of dirt on your pants would become this enormous space, bigger than the whole world, and you were about to meet God when it all ended. You’d come back to reality whimpering, with your heart racing for a breakdown. Now, that might feel good, but it’s cowardly. You weren't put on this earth just to connect with God. That kind of thing could drain all the strength and goodness out of a person.

“What’s it going to be then, huh?”

The stereo was playing, and it felt like the singer’s voice was moving around the bar, soaring up to the ceiling and swooping down again, darting from wall to wall. It was Berti Laski singing an old classic called ‘You Blister My Paint.’ One of the three girls at the counter, the one with the green wig, kept pushing her belly out and pulling it in to the rhythm of what they called music. I could feel the effects of the milk starting to hit me, and I was ready for a good time. So I yelled, “Out out out out!” like a dog, then I punched the guy next to me who was still out of it, rambling a crazy line about “telephonic equipment and when the farfarculule gets rubadubdub.” He wouldn’t feel it until he came back to reality.

“Where to?” asked Georgie.

“Oh, let’s just keep walking,” I said, “and see what we come across, my little brothers.”

So we headed out into the cold winter night and walked down Marghanita Boulevard, then turned onto Boothby Avenue, where we found what we were looking for to start the evening off. There was a frail, starry-eyed schoolteacher type, wearing glasses and his mouth open to the cold night air. He had books under his arm and a worn umbrella, coming around the corner from the Public Library, which wasn’t frequented by many people these days. You rarely saw older middle-class folks out after dark anymore, given the lack of police and with us fine young boys around, and this professor was the only one walking on the street. So we approached him, very politely, and I said: “Excuse me, sir.”

He looked a little nervous when he saw the four of us coming up quietly and politely, smiling, but he said, “Yes? What is it?” in a loud teacher-like voice, as if trying to show he wasn’t scared. I said:

“I see you have books under your arm, sir. It is indeed rare these days to meet someone who still reads.”

“Oh,” he said, all shaky. “Is it? Oh, I see.” He kept looking from one of us to the other, realizing he was surrounded by a friendly and smiling group.

“Yes,” I said. “I would be very interested, sir, if you would kindly let me see the books you have under your arm. Nothing pleases me more than a nice clean book, sir.”

“Clean,” he said. “Clean, eh?” Then Pete grabbed those three books from him and handed them around quickly.

With three books, we all had one except for Dim. The one I had was called 'Elementary Crystallography,' so I opened it up and said: “Excellent, really top-notch,” flipping through the pages. Then I said in a shocked tone: “But what is this? What is this filthy word? I’m embarrassed to even look at it. You disappoint me, sir.”

“But,” he tried to say, “but, but.”

“Now,” said Georgie, “here is what I would call real dirt. There’s one word starting with an ‘f’ and another with a ‘c.’” He had a book called 'The Miracle of the Snowflake.'

“Oh,” said poor old Dim, peering over Pete’s shoulder and going too far, like he always did, “it says here what he did to her, and there’s a picture and everything. Why,” he said, “you’re nothing but a dirty-minded old fool.”

“An old man of your age, brother,” I said, and I started to tear up the book I had, and the others did the same with theirs. Dim and Pete were tugging at ‘The Rhombohedral System.’ The professor type started to complain: “But those aren’t mine, they belong to the municipality, this is pure vandalism,” or something like that. He tried to take the books back from us, but it was kind of sad. “You need to learn a lesson, brother,” I said, “that you do.” The hardcover book I had was tough and hard to rip apart, being very nice and made when things were built to last, but I managed to tear the pages out and throw them like big snowflakes all over this complaining old guy, and then the others did the same with theirs, with Dim just dancing around like the fool he was. “There you go,” said Pete. “There’s your punishment, you filthy reader of nonsense.”

“You naughty old man, you,” I said, and then we began to mess with him. Pete held his arms, and Georgie opened his mouth wide for him, while Dim yanked out his false teeth, upper and lower. He threw them down on the pavement, and then I stomped on them, though they were tough, made of some new plastic material. The old man started making strange noises—“wuf waf wof”—so Georgie let go of holding his mouth and hit him in the mouth with his fist, which made the old man start moaning a lot, and then the blood came out, my brothers, very beautiful. So all we did was pull off his outer clothes, leaving him in his vest and long underwear (very nice; Dim laughed at him), and then Pete kicked him in the groin, and we let him go. He staggered off, it wasn’t too hard of a hit really, going “Oh oh oh,” not knowing where he was or what was happening, and we laughed at him and then searched his pockets, with Dim dancing around with his silly umbrella, but there wasn’t much in them.

There were a few precious letters, some dating back to 1960, beginning with “My dearest” and all that nonsense, along with a keyring and a starry leaky pen. Old Dim stopped his umbrella dance and, of course, started reading one of the letters out loud, trying to show the empty street that he could read. “My darling one,” he recited in a very high voice, “I will be thinking of you while you are away and hope you remember to dress warmly when you go out at night.” Then he let out a loud laugh—“Ho ho ho”—pretending to wipe his face with it. “All right,” I said. “Let’s move on, my friends.” In the pockets of this starry guy, there was only a small amount of money—not more than three coins—so we scattered his loose change, considering it small compared to the amount we already had. Then we broke the umbrella and tossed his clothes to the wind, my friends, and we were done with the starry teacher type. We hadn’t done much, I know, but that was just the beginning of the evening, and I don’t apologize for that. The knives in the milk-plus were stabbing away nicely and horrifically now.

Next, we planned to do the same thing, which was one way to get rid of some of our money so we’d have more for shopping, and it also served as a way to create an alibi in advance. So we went into the Duke of New York on Amis Avenue, and sure enough, in the snug area were three or four old women having their drinks funded by state aid. We acted like very polite young men, smiling at everyone, even though these wrinkled old ladies started to get nervous, their veiny old hands trembling around their glasses and spilling drinks on the table. “Leave us be, boys,” said one of them, her face lined with age, “we’re just poor old women.” But we just kept flashing smiles, sat down, rang the bell, and waited for the waiter to come. When he arrived, all nervous and rubbing his hands on his apron, we ordered four veterans—a veteran being a mix of rum and cherry brandy, which was popular at the time, with some preferring a dash of lime, the Canadian variation. Then I spoke to the waiter:

“Give those poor old ladies over there something to eat. Get some drinks for everyone and something to take away.” I poured out all the money I had on the table, and the other three did the same. So we bought drinks for the shocked people, who didn't know how to react. One of them managed to say, “Thanks, guys,” but you could tell they thought something strange was happening. Anyway, each of them was given a bottle of American brandy to take away, and I paid for them to receive a dozen beers the next morning, asking them to leave their addresses at the counter. Then, with the leftover money, we bought all the meat pies, pretzels, cheese snacks, chips, and chocolate bars in that place, and those were for the old ladies too. Then we said, “We'll be back in a minute,” while the old ladies continued to say, “Thanks, guys,” and “God bless you, boys,” as we left with no money left in our pockets.

“That feels really good,” said Pete. You could see that poor old Dim didn’t fully understand what was happening, but he said nothing for fear of being called foolish and clueless. So we went around the corner to Attlee Avenue, where there was a candy and snack shop still open. We hadn’t visited them in almost three months, and the whole area had been mostly quiet, so the police patrols weren’t around much, focusing more on areas farther north. We put on our masks—these were new, really well made; they looked like famous historical figures (the names were provided when you bought them). I had Disraeli, Pete had Elvis Presley, Georgie had Henry VIII, and poor old Dim had a poet named Percy Shelley; they were great disguises, complete with hair, and made from special plastic, so you could roll them up when you were done and hide them in your bag—then the three of us went inside.

Pete kept watch outside, not that there was anything to be concerned about out there. As soon as we entered the shop, we targeted Slouse, who ran it. He was a big, blobby guy who immediately realized what was happening and made a run for the back, where the telephone was, and maybe his well-hidden gun, complete with six dirty bullets. Dim was around the counter really quick, throwing packets of tobacco and making noise over a big sign showing a pretty woman with all her teeth showing at the customers, with her revealing outfit practically hanging off her to promote a new brand of cigarettes. 

Then we saw a big figure roll into the back of the shop behind the curtain, with Old Dim and Slouse locked in a struggle. You could hear panting and snoring, mixed with shouts and things falling over, and then glass breaking loudly. Mrs. Slouse, the wife, seemed frozen behind the counter. We knew she would scream for help if she got the chance, so I quickly moved around the counter and grabbed her. She was a hefty woman, all perfume and with big, swaying cleavage. I had my arm around her mouth to stop her from shouting for help, but she bit me hard and it was me who screamed, and then she let out a loud yell for the police. 

At that point, we had to hit her with one of the weights for the scales, and then give her a fair strike with a crowbar they had for opening boxes, which made her bleed like an old friend. So we got her down on the floor, tore a bit of her clothing for fun, and kicked her gently to keep her quiet. Looking at her lying there with her body exposed, I wondered if I should do something, but that could wait until later. Then we cleaned out the cash register, and there was a huge amount of money that night. We each took a few packs of the best cigarettes, and then we left, my brothers.

"A really big, heavy guy he was," Dim kept saying. I didn't like how Dim looked: he seemed dirty and messy, like someone who had just been in a fight, which he had, of course, but you shouldn't show it. His scarf looked trampled, his hat was pulled off, and he had dirt on his face, so we helped him clean up a little in an alleyway, using our handkerchiefs to wipe the dirt off. The things we did for old Dim. We got back to the Duke of New York pretty quickly, and I figured by my watch we hadn't been gone more than ten minutes. The familiar old ladies were still there with the drinks we had bought them, and we greeted them with, "Hello there, girls, what do you want?" They started with the usual, "Very kind, lads, God bless you, boys," so we rang the bell to call a different waiter and ordered beers with rum, since we were really thirsty, my friends, plus whatever the old ladies wanted. Then I asked the old ladies, "We haven't left this place, have we? We've been here all along, right?" They quickly caught on and said:

"That's right, lads. You haven't been out of our sight. God bless you, boys," while drinking.

Not that it really mattered. About half an hour passed before any sign of activity among the police, and then it was only two very young officers who came in, looking quite nervous under their big hats. One said:

"Do you guys know anything about what happened at Slouse’s shop tonight?"

"Us?" I said, pretending to be innocent. "What happened?"

"Robbery and violence. Two people hospitalized. Where have you been tonight?"

"I don't appreciate that tone," I replied. "I don't care for those nasty implications. It suggests a very suspicious attitude, my little brothers."

"They’ve been here all night, lads," the old regulars started to speak up. "God bless them, there's no better group of boys around for kindness and generosity. They've been here the whole time, we haven't seen them move."

"We're just asking," said the other young officer. "We have our job to do, like anyone else." But they gave us a nasty look before leaving. As they walked out, we made a mocking sound at them: brrrrzzzzrrrr. Still, I felt a bit disappointed with how things were back then. Nothing to fight against really. Everything was as easy as could be. But the night was still very young.

When we stepped outside the Duke of New York, we saw an old drunk by the main bar’s brightly lit window, singing loudly the dirty songs of his past and making bizarre sounds as if there was a messed-up orchestra inside his filthy stomach. One thing I could never stand was seeing someone like that, all dirty and staggering, burping and drunk, no matter how old he was, but especially when he looked as wasted as this one did. He was slumped against the wall, and his clothes were a mess, all wrinkled and dirty, covered in chalk, mud, and grime. We decided to give him a few good hard pushes, but he just kept singing. The song went:

    And I will go back to my darling, my darling,
    When you, my darling, are gone.

But when Dim hit him a couple of times on his dirty drunken face, he stopped singing and began to shout: “Go on, finish me off, you cowardly bastards. I don’t want to live anyway, not in a filthy world like this one.” I told Dim to back off a bit, because I was sometimes interested in hearing what some of these old drunks had to say about life and the world. I asked, “Oh. What’s so filthy about it?”

He shouted, “It’s a filthy world because it lets the young take advantage of the old like you just did, and there’s no law or order anymore.” He was yelling loudly, waving his hands, making a big scene with his words, though occasional burps escaped from him, as if something was stuck inside, or like a rude drunk interrupting him, leading him to threaten it with his fists, shouting: “It’s no longer a world for any old man, and that means I’m not afraid of you, boys, because I’m too drunk to feel the pain if you hit me, and if you kill me, I’ll be glad to be dead.”

We laughed and grinned but stayed quiet, and then he said, “What kind of world is this? Men on the moon and men spinning around the earth like moths around a light, and no one pays attention to earthly law or order anymore. So do your worst, you filthy cowardly thugs.” Then he made a mocking sound at us—"Prrrrzzzzrrrr"—like we had done to those young policemen, and then started singing again:

    Oh dear dear land, I fought for thee
    And brought thee peace and victory—

We really went after him, grinning from ear to ear, but he just kept on singing. Then we tripped him so he fell hard, and a large amount of vomit came pouring out. It was disgusting, so we kicked him once each, and then it was blood, not song or vomit, that spilled out of his filthy old body. Then we moved on.

It was near the Municipal Power Plant that we ran into Billyboy and his five friends. Back then, my friends, gangs usually grouped in fours or fives. Four was a comfortable number for a car, and six was the maximum for a gang. Sometimes groups would combine to make small armies for a big fight, but it was generally better to stick to small numbers. Billyboy was someone I found repulsive just from seeing his fat, grinning face. He always had a smell of very old, overused frying oil, even when he was dressed in his best clothes, like he was now. We spotted each other at the same time, and there was an uneasy silence as we watched each other. This was serious; it would involve knives, guns, and very real violence, not just fists and kicks. 

Billyboy and his friends stopped what they were doing, which was getting ready to mess with a crying young girl they had with them, no more than ten years old, who was screaming but still dressed. Billyboy was holding her by one arm, while his right-hand man, Leo, held the other. They had probably just finished the gross part of their plan before getting ready for some serious violence. When they saw us coming, they let go of the sobbing girl, knowing there were plenty more like her, and she ran away with her thin, pale legs flashing in the dark, still crying “Oh oh oh.” I said, smiling widely: “Well, if it isn’t the fat, smelly Billyboy. How are you, you bloated bottle of cheap, greasy oil? Come and take a hit if you have any guts, you coward.” And then we began.

There were four of us against six of them, as I mentioned before, but poor Dim, despite his dullness, was worth three of the others in pure craziness and rough fighting. Dim had a long piece of chain around his waist, which he unwound and began to swing beautifully in front of him. Pete and Georgie had sharp knives, but I had a nice shiny blade that I could show off well. So there we were, fighting in the dark, with the moon just rising, and the stars twinkling like knives eager to join the fight. I managed to cut right down the front of one of Billyboy’s guys very neatly, without even touching the underlying fabric. Then this guy suddenly found himself exposed, his belly bare and his private parts on display, and he got really upset, waving and screaming and losing his guard, allowing Dim to strike him right in the eyes with his chain. This guy stumbled off howling in pain. We were doing really well, and soon we had Billyboy’s main thug on the ground, blinded by Dim’s chain, crawling around and howling like an animal. With one good kick to the head, he was completely out.

Of the four of us, Dim looked the worst; his face was covered in blood and his clothes a mess. The rest of us were still fine and intact. I was now focused on getting fatty Billyboy, and I was moving around with my knife like a barber on a ship in rough seas, trying to land a few good cuts on his dirty, oily face. Billyboy had a long knife, but he was a bit too slow and heavy to really hurt anyone. It was very satisfying to dance around—left two three, right two three—and cut his left cheek and right cheek at the same time, so that blood poured out like two curtains on either side of his filthy face in the winter starlight. The blood flowed, but it was clear that Billyboy felt nothing, as he lumbered forward like a fat bear, poking at me with his knife.

Then we heard the sirens and knew the police were coming, guns ready out of the windows of their cars. That crying girl had definitely told them, since there was a phone to call the police not far from the Muni Power Plant. “We’ll get you soon, don’t worry,” I shouted, “you filthy goat. I’ll take care of you.” Then they ran off, slow and out of breath, except for Number One Leo, who was passed out on the ground further north by the river. We headed the other way. Just around the next corner was a dark, empty alley open at both ends, and we rested there, breathing heavily at first, then more slowly, until we were breathing normally. It felt like resting between two huge mountains, these being the apartment blocks, and in the windows of all the flats you could see blue dancing light. That would be the television. Tonight was what they called a worldcast, meaning that the same program was being watched by everyone in the world who wanted to, mostly middle-aged middle-class people. There would be a big famous comedian or a black singer, and it was all being broadcast by special satellite TV from outer space, my friends. We waited, catching our breath, and we could hear the police sirens going east, so we knew we were safe for now. But poor old Dim kept looking up at the stars and the moon with his mouth wide open like a kid who had never seen such things before, and he said:

“I wonder what’s up there. What would be up there in those things?”

I gave him a hard nudge and said, "Come on, you silly fool. Don’t think about them. There’s probably life down here, with some getting hurt and others doing the hurting. And now, with the night still young, let’s get going, my friends." The others laughed at this, but poor old Dim looked at me seriously, then up at the stars and the moon. So we headed down the alley, with the blue light of the world brightening on either side. What we needed now was a car, so we turned left as we came out of the alley. We recognized we were in Priestly Place as soon as we saw the big bronze statue of some famous poet, who had a funny upper lip and a pipe in his droopy mouth. 

Going north, we reached the run-down Filmdrome, which was peeling and falling apart because not many people went there, except kids like me and my friends, usually just to shout or mess around in the dark. From the poster outside the Filmdrome, which had a couple of grimy spots on it, we saw that the usual cowboy movie was playing, with angels supporting the U.S. marshal shooting at the outlaws, typical stuff put out by Statefilm back then. The cars parked outside the cinema weren’t great—mostly junk—but I spotted a newer Durango 95 that I thought might work. Georgie had one of those fancy keys on his keychain, so we quickly got inside—Dim and Pete in the back, puffing away on their cigarettes—and I turned on the ignition and it started up with a nice rumbling sound, which felt warm in your stomach. Then I hit the gas, and we backed out smoothly without anyone noticing us leave.

We drove around what was called the backtown for a bit, scaring old folks and kids darting across the road while chasing cats. Then we took the road west. There wasn't much traffic, so I pressed down the gas pedal hard, and the Durango 95 sped down the road like it was nothing. Soon it was dark, with tall winter trees all around us, and at one point, I ran over something big, which had a snarling, toothy head in the headlights. It screamed and squished under the tires, and old Dim in the back nearly laughed his head off—“Ho ho ho”—at that.

Then we spotted a young guy under a tree, acting all playful, so we stopped and cheered at him. Then we gave him a couple of weak punches, making him cry, and we continued on our way. What we were looking for now was an old surprise visit. That was really exciting and perfect for laughs and lots of extreme violence. Eventually, we came to a small village, and just outside it was a little cottage with a small garden. The moon was high now, and we could see the cottage clearly as I slowed down and hit the brakes. The other three were giggling loudly, and we could see the name on the gate of this cottage, which was "HOME," a rather gloomy name. I got out of the car, telling my friends to stop laughing and act serious, then I opened the small gate and walked up to the front door. I knocked gently, but no one answered, so I knocked a bit harder. This time, I could hear someone coming, then a bolt being drawn, and the door opened just a bit. I could see one eye looking out at me, and the door was on a chain. 

“Yes? Who is it?” The voice was sharp, a young woman by her tone, so I replied in a very polite manner, a true gentleman’s voice:

“Excuse me, madam, I apologize for the disturbance, but my friend and I were out for a walk, and my friend has suddenly taken ill and is outside on the road, unconscious and groaning. Would you be kind enough to let me use your phone to call for an ambulance?”

“We don’t have a phone,” said the young woman. “I’m sorry, but we don’t. You’ll have to go somewhere else.” From inside the little cottage, I could hear the sound of someone typing away on a keyboard, and then it stopped, followed by a man's voice asking, “What is it, dear?”

“Well,” I said, “would you be so kind as to give him a glass of water? It seems he has fainted.”

The girl hesitated for a moment and then said, “Wait.” She walked away, and my three friends quietly got out of the car and approached stealthily. They put their masks on, and then I put mine on. It was just a matter of me using my hand to unlock the door since I had charmed this girl enough with my smooth talk that she hadn’t closed it like she should have, us being strangers to each other. 

We rushed inside, with Dim jumping around and shouting out crude words as usual. It was a nice little cottage, I’ll admit. We all entered the lit room, and there was the girl looking scared—a young, pretty thing with a nice figure—and with her was a young man wearing horn-rimmed glasses. On a table was a typewriter and papers scattered everywhere, but there was a small stack of papers that must have been what he’d already typed. So, here was another intelligent writer like the one we had dealt with a few hours earlier. 

He said, “What is this? Who are you? How dare you enter my house without permission?” His voice was shaking, and his hands were trembling. I replied, “Don’t worry. If you have fear in your heart, you should get rid of it immediately.” Then Georgie and Pete went to look for the kitchen, while Dim stood next to me, his mouth wide open, waiting for instructions. 

“What is this?” I asked, picking up the stack of typed pages from the table. The young man stammered, “That’s just what I want to know. What is this? What do you want? Get out at once before I throw you out.” Poor Dim, masked like a character from a poem, let out a loud laugh, sounding like some animal.

“It’s a book,” I said. “It’s a book you are writing.” I made my voice rough. “I have always admired those who can write books.” Then I looked at the top sheet, and there was the title—A CLOCKWORK ORANGE.

–I said, “That’s an odd title. Who ever heard of a clockwork orange?” Then I read a little bit out loud in a high, preaching voice: “—The attempt to impose upon man, a creature of growth and capable of sweetness, to ooze pleasingly at the last around the bearded lips of God, to impose, I say, laws and conditions suitable for a mechanical creation, against this I raise my sword-pen—” Dim made some silly noises at that, and I couldn’t help but laugh. Then I started tearing up the pages and scattering them on the floor. The writer became furious and charged at me, his teeth clenched and yellow, his nails ready to claw. That was Dim’s cue, and he started grinning and making sounds as he threw punches, first with his left fist, then his right, so our friend the bartender—his red wine flowing, just like everywhere else, as if produced by a giant company—started to spill it all over the clean carpet and the pages I was still ripping apart. Meanwhile, the writer’s loving and loyal wife just stood frozen by the fireplace, then started letting out little cries, as if in time with Dim’s punchy chaos. Then Georgie and Pete came in from the kitchen, both munching, and with their masks on, which was no problem. Georgie held a cold leg of something in one hand and half a loaf of bread with a big dollop of butter in the other, while Pete had a bottle of beer overflowing in one hand and a handful of cake in the other. They were laughing, watching Dim dance around and punch the writer, who started to cry as if his life's work was ruined, going “boo hoo hoo” in a very exaggerated way, but it was a muffled laugh, and you could see bits of their food. I didn’t like that; it looked dirty and messy, so I said:

“Put that down. I didn't give permission. Hold this guy here so he can see everything and not escape.” They set their food on the table amidst all the flying papers and walked over to the writer, whose horn-rimmed glasses were cracked but still in place, while old Dim kept dancing around, making the ornaments shake on the mantelpiece (I knocked them all off then so they couldn’t shake anymore, my friends) as he messed with the author of ‘A Clockwork Orange,’ making his face all purple and dripping like some special kind of juicy fruit. “All right, Dim,” I said. “Now for the next thing, God help us all.” So he did the strongman act on the girl, who was still shrieking away in a terrible rhythm, locking her hands from behind, while I tore away at this and that, and everyone else kept laughing, and the really good-looking ones showed their bright eyes, oh my friends, while I untied and got ready for the plunge. As I plunged, I could hear cries of pain and the writer, bleeding, nearly broke free, howling madly with the filthiest words I already knew and some he was making up.

Then it was Dim’s turn, and he did it in a rough, animalistic way while ignoring the girl, and I held onto her. Then we switched, Dim and I grabbing the slobbering writer, who was barely struggling, only muttering weakly as if he were in a milk bar, while Pete and Georgie handled theirs. Then there was quiet, and we were filled with hate, so we smashed what was left to smash—typewriter, lamp, chairs—and it was typical of old Dim to put the fire out and almost mess on the carpet since there was plenty of paper, but I said no. “Out out out out,” I shouted. The writer and his wife were not really there, bloody and torn and making noise. But they would survive.

So we got into the waiting car, and I let Georgie take the wheel, feeling a little worn out, and we went back to town, running over random squeaking things along the way.

We headed back towards town, my brothers, but just outside, not far from what they called the Industrial Canal, we noticed that the fuel gauge had failed, just like our own needles had, and the car was sputtering. But there was no need to worry too much, because a train station was flashing blue lights nearby—on and off. The question was whether to leave the car to be taken by the police or, feeling angry and violent, to give it a hard shove into the muddy waters for a loud splash before the evening ended. We decided on the latter, so we got out and, with the brakes off, all four of us pushed it to the edge of the filthy water that looked like syrup mixed with human waste, then with one strong shove, it went in. We had to rush back to avoid getting splashed with the muck, but in it went with a big splash and a gurgle. “Goodbye, old friend,” called Georgie, and Dim laughed loudly—“Huh huh huh huh.”

Then we headed for the station to take the one-stop ride to Center, as the middle of town was called. We paid our fare politely and waited quietly on the platform, while old Dim fiddled with the slot machines, his pockets full of small coins, ready to buy candy bars for the poor, even though there was no one around. Soon the train arrived, and we boarded, the carriage nearly empty. To pass the three-minute ride, we messed around with the upholstery, tearing out the seats’ stuffing, and old Dim banged on the window until the glass cracked and glittered in the winter air. We were all feeling a bit tired, having spent quite a bit of energy that evening, my brothers, but Dim, being the clown he was, was full of excitement, even though he was dirty and sweaty, which was one thing I didn’t like about him.

We got off at Center and walked slowly back to the Korova Milkbar, all yawning a little and showing off our back teeth to the moon, stars, and lamplight because we were still just kids and had school during the day. When we entered the Korova, we found it more crowded than when we had left earlier. The guy who had been talking nonsensically about some strange topic was still at it, saying things like, “Children of the past wandering in some abstract time.” It was likely that this was his third or fourth drink of the evening, as he had that pale, inhuman look, like he had transformed into a ‘thing’ and his face seemed like a piece of chalk carved by someone. Honestly, if he wanted to spend so long in that state, he should have gone into one of the private booths at the back instead of staying in the main area, because here some of the kids would mess around with him a little, but not too much because there were tough guys hiding in the old Korova who could stop any trouble. Anyway, Dim squeezed in next to this guy and, with his loud, boisterous voice showing off his big grin, he stepped on this guy’s foot with his own large, dirty shoe. But the guy, my friends, didn’t notice, being far out of it.

It was a group of teenagers hanging out, but there were also a few of the more glamorous ones, guys and girls alike (but not from the upper class, never them), laughing and talking at the bar. You could tell them apart by their trendy hairstyles and baggy sweaters that they had been wearing after rehearsals at the TV studios nearby. The girls among them had lively faces and wide, bright smiles, showing off lots of teeth, and they were laughing away without caring about the harsh world around them. Then the song on the stereo stopped (it was Johnny Zhivago, a Russian singer, singing ‘Only Every Other Day’), and during the brief silence before the next song, one of these girls—very fair with a big smiling mouth and probably in her late thirties—suddenly burst into song for just a bar and a half, as if she was demonstrating something they had all been talking about. For a moment, it felt like some great bird had flown into the milk bar, and I could feel all the little hairs on my neck standing up and shivers crawling up and down my back. Because I recognized the song. It was from an opera by Friedrich Gitterfenster called ‘Das Bettzeug,’ and it was the part where the character is dying with her throat cut, and the words are, "Better like this maybe." Anyway, it gave me chills.

But old Dim, as soon as he heard this piece of singing like a chunk of hot meat thrown on your plate, let out one of his crude comments, which in this case was a loud noise followed by a fake dog howl and two fingers poking the air, finishing with a silly laugh. I felt all fired up and like I was drowning in anger, watching Dim's act, and I said, “Bastard. Filthy, mannerless bastard.” Then I leaned across Georgie, who was between me and Dim, and punched Dim hard on the mouth. Dim looked very surprised, his mouth open, wiping the blood off his face and looking shocked by the blood and by me. “Why did you do that?” he asked in his clueless way. Not many people noticed what I did, and those that did didn’t care. The stereo was playing again, now a really annoying electronic guitar piece. I said:

“For being a rude bastard with no manners and no idea how to behave in public, my brother.”

Dim made a nasty face and said, “I don’t like what you did back then. I’m not your brother anymore, and I don’t want to be.” He pulled out a handkerchief from his pocket and was wiping the red liquid from his face, looking confused as if he thought that blood shouldn't belong to him. It was as if he was trying to justify his rough behavior while that girl was enjoying herself singing. But the girl was laughing with her friends at the bar, showing off her smile, not noticing Dim’s crude actions. It was really me that Dim had harmed. I said:

“If you don’t like this and you don’t want that, then you know what you need to do, little brother.” Georgie said sharply, causing me to pay attention:

“Alright, let’s not start anything.”

“That’s up to Dim,” I replied. “Dim can’t go through life acting like a little child.” And I looked sharply at Georgie.

Dim, with the blood flow slowing now, said:

“What right does he have to think he can order me around and hit me whenever he wants? I say he can forget it, and I’d beat him up just as soon as look at him.”

“Be careful,” I warned quietly as the music blasted throughout the place and a guy across from Dim was getting loud with his “Get closer, ultimate.” I added, “Be careful, Dim, if you want to stay on good terms.”

“Forget you,” Dim sneered. “You had no right to do what you did. I’ll fight you with a chain or a knife anytime. I won’t let you hit me for no reason.”

“A knife fight anytime you say,” I snapped back. Pete spoke up:

“Oh, come on, both of you guys. We’re friends, right? Friends shouldn’t act like this. Look at those guys over there laughing at us. We can’t let them see us like this.”

“Dim,” I said, “needs to learn his place. Right?”

“Wait,” said Georgie. “What’s this about ‘place’? I’ve never heard of anyone learning their place.”

Pete chimed in: “Honestly, Alex, you shouldn’t have hit Dim like that. I’ll only say it once. Respectfully, if it had been me who’d received that punch, you’d have to deal with it. I’m not saying anything more.” And he buried his face in his milk.

I could feel myself getting really irritated inside, but I tried to hide it, saying calmly, “There has to be a leader. There has to be discipline. Right?” None of them said a word or even nodded. I got more irritated inside but stayed calm on the outside. “I,” I said, “have been in charge for a while now. We are all friends, but somebody has to be in charge. Right? Right?” They all nodded cautiously. Dim was cleaning up the last of the blood. It was Dim who spoke next:

“Right, right. Maybe everyone is just a bit tired. Best not to say more.” I was surprised and a little scared to hear Dim talking so sensibly. Dim said:

“Best to go home now, so we can be on the right track, right?” I was very surprised. The other two nodded a lot. I said:

“You understand about that hit on the head, Dim. It was the music, see. I get really crazy when anyone interferes with a bird singing, you know? Like that.”

“Best we head home and get some rest,” said Dim. “It’s been a long night for growing boys. Right?” Right, the other two nodded. I said:

“I think it’s best we head home now. Dim has made a really great suggestion. If we don’t meet during the day, my brothers, how about the same time, same place tomorrow?”

“Oh yes,” said Georgie. “I think that can be arranged.”

“I might,” said Dim, “be just a little late. But same place and around the same time tomorrow for sure.” He was still wiping his mess, though no blood was flowing anymore. “And,” he said, “let's hope there won't be any more singing birds in here.” Then he laughed his Dim laugh, a silly big laugh. It seemed like he was too clueless to take much offense.

So off we went our separate ways, me burping from the cold Coke I had just drunk. I kept my knife ready in case any of Billyboy's friends were hanging around near the apartment building, or any of the other groups that sometimes clashed with us. I lived with my dad and mom in Municipal Flatblock 18A, located between Kingsley Avenue and Wilsonsway. I reached the main door without any problems, although I did pass a young guy lying in the gutter, yelling and moaning, all bruised up, and I saw in the lamplight streaks of blood here and there, marking what had happened that night. I also noticed near 18A a pair of women's underwear, likely torn off in the heat of the moment, oh my brothers. And so I went inside. In the hallway was the familiar municipal painting on the walls—men and women well-developed, serious in their work, at their benches and machines with no clothes on their bare bodies. But of course, some of the boys living in 18A had, as expected, decorated the painting with pencils and pens, adding hair, private parts, and crude words to the dignified figures. I went to the elevator, but there was no point in pressing the button to see if it was working because it had been bashed up badly that night, the metal doors all bent, a remarkable feat of strength indeed, so I had to walk up the ten flights of stairs. I cursed and panted while climbing, feeling tired in my body if not in my mind. I really wanted music that evening; that singing girl in the Korova had perhaps inspired me. I craved a big feast of music before drifting off to sleep, my mind preparing to cross into the realm of dreams.

I opened the door of 10-8 with my own little key, and inside our tiny apartment all was quiet, both my parents being asleep, and my mom had put out on the table a small supper—a couple of slices of canned meat with a piece of bread and butter, a glass of cold milk. Haha, the milk, with no additives or chemicals in it. How pure that innocent milk seems to me now. Still, I drank and ate quickly, being hungrier than I realized at first, and I got some fruit pie from the pantry and tore off chunks to stuff into my mouth. Then I brushed my teeth and cleaned out my mouth with my tongue before going to my own little room, taking off my clothes as I did. Here was my bed and my stereo, the pride of my life, and my records in their cabinet, along with banners and flags on the wall, each one a reminder of my time at reform school since I was eleven: SOUTH 4; METRO CORSKOL BLUE DIVISION; THE BOYS OF ALPHA.

The little speakers of my stereo were arranged all around the room, on the ceiling, walls, and floor, so, lying on my bed enjoying the music, I felt surrounded by the orchestra. What I wanted to hear first tonight was this new violin concerto by the American Geoffrey Plautus, performed by Odysseus Choerilos with the Macon (Georgia) Philharmonic, so I took it from where it was neatly filed, turned it on, and waited.

Then, brothers, it came. Oh, joy, pure joy. I lay completely relaxed with my head on my arms on the pillow, eyes closed, mouth open in bliss, absorbing the flood of beautiful sounds. It was stunning. The trombones resonated under my bed, and behind me the trumpets sounded like silver flames, while the timpani by the door rolled through my body like thunder. Oh, it was a wonder of wonders. Then, like a rare bird made of heavenly metal, or like silvery wine flowing in a spaceship, came the violin solo soaring above the other strings, which formed a delicate cage around my bed. Flute and oboe wove in, like tiny worms of platinum, into the rich toffee of gold and silver. I was in such bliss, my brothers.

Pee and Em, in their bedroom next door, had learned not to knock on the wall with complaints about what they called noise. I had taught them this. Now they would take sleeping pills. Perhaps, knowing how much I enjoyed my nighttime music, they had already taken them. As I listened, my eyes tightly closed to capture the bliss that was better than any synthetic drug or god, I envisioned beautiful scenes. There were boys and girls, both young and radiant, lying on the ground screaming for mercy, while I was laughing and grinding my boot into their faces. There were girls crying against the walls as I plunged into them, and indeed, when the music, which was a single movement, reached its peak, I lay on my bed with my eyes shut tight and my hands behind my head, feeling overwhelmed and releasing a cry of joy. And so the lovely music faded to a glowing finish.

After that, I listened to wonderful Mozart, the Jupiter Symphony, and there were new images of different faces to crush and splash. It was then that I decided to play just one last record before crossing the border. I wanted something vibrant and strong, so I chose J.S. Bach, the Brandenburg Concerto for middle and lower strings. As I listened, experiencing a different kind of bliss, I recalled the name I had written down a long time ago in that cottage called HOME. The name referred to a "clockwork orange." While enjoying the J.S. Bach, I began to understand what that meant better, and I thought, lost in the beautiful sounds of the starry German master, that I would have liked to have hurt them both even more and torn them to pieces right on their own floor.

The next morning, I woke up at 8:00 AM, my friends, and since I still felt tired and worn out, with my eyes stuck shut with sleep, I decided not to go to school. I thought I would enjoy a little more time in bed—maybe an hour or two—and then get dressed slowly and easily, perhaps even having a nice soak in the bath, making toast for myself, and listening to the radio or reading the newspaper, all at my own pace. Then, after lunch, I might consider going to school and seeing what was happening in the great seat of pointless learning, my friends. I heard my dad grumbling and stomping around before heading off to the dye works where he worked, and then my mom called in with a very respectful tone, as she did now that I was growing up big and strong:

“It’s past eight, son. You don’t want to be late again.”

So I replied, “I have a bit of a headache. Leave me be, and I’ll try to sleep it off. I’ll be fine afterward.” I heard her let out a sigh and she said:

“I’ll put your breakfast in the oven then, son. I have to leave for work now.” This was true, as there was a law that required everyone who was neither a child, pregnant, nor sick to go out hunting for rabbits. My mom worked at one of the Statemarts, stocking shelves with canned soup and beans and all that stuff. I heard her clang a plate in the oven, then she put on her shoes and grabbed her coat from behind the door, sighed again, and said, “I’m off now, son.” But I pretended to be asleep, and I eventually dozed off deeply, having a strange and vivid dream about my friend Georgie. 

In this dream, he seemed much older and tougher, talking about discipline and obedience, explaining how all the boys under his command had to follow orders and salute like they were in the army. I found myself in line with the others, saying yes sir and no sir. Then I clearly saw that Georgie had stars on his shoulders, like a general. He then brought in old Dim with a whip, and Dim looked more worn and gray, missing a few teeth that showed when he grinned at me. Then my friend Georgie pointed at me and said, “That guy has dirt all over his clothes,” which was true. 

I cried out, “Please don’t hit me, brothers,” and started to run. I was running in circles while Dim chased me, laughing loudly, cracking the whip. Each time I felt a sharp sting from the whip, there was a loud electric bell ringing, and that bell also brought a sort of pain.

Then I woke up really quickly, my heart going thump, thump, thump, and there was actually a bell ringing—our front-door bell. I pretended that nobody was home, but the ringing continued, and then I heard a voice shouting through the door: “Come on, let’s go! I know you’re in bed.” I recognized the voice immediately. It was P. R. Deltoid, my Post-Corrective Adviser, a rather annoying guy who was overloaded with work. I shouted back in a pained voice, then got out of bed and dressed myself, my brothers, in a beautiful silk robe with designs of great cities all over it. I put on my comfy wool slippers, combed my hair, and was ready for P. R. Deltoid. When I opened the door, he shuffled in, looking tired, wearing a worn-out hat and a filthy raincoat. “Ah, Alex boy,” he said. “I met your mother. She mentioned something about a pain somewhere. So you’re not at school, right?”

“A rather terrible pain in the head, sir,” I replied politely. “I think it should go away by this afternoon.”

“Or definitely by this evening, right?” said P. R. Deltoid. “Evening is a great time, isn’t it, Alex boy? Sit,” he told me, “sit, sit,” as if this were his home and I was the guest. He sat down in my father’s old rocking chair and began to rock, as if that was all he had come to do. I asked:

“Would you like a cup of tea, sir?”

“No time,” he replied, still rocking and giving me a sharp look from under furrowed brows, as if he had all the time in the world. “No time, yes,” he said, clumsily. So I put the kettle on. Then I asked:

“What brings you here? Is anything wrong, sir?”

“Wrong?” he said, sounding a bit sly, hunched over as he continued to rock. Then he noticed an advertisement in the newspaper on the table—a beautiful young woman with revealing clothing promoting the Glories of the Yugoslav Beaches.

After quickly looking at her, he said:

“Why would you think there’s something wrong? Have you been doing something you shouldn’t?” 

“Just a manner of speaking,” I said, “sir.”

“Well,” said P. R. Deltoid, “I’m telling you directly, little Alex, to be careful, because next time, as you know, it won’t be the corrective school anymore. Next time, it’ll be prison, and all my work will be ruined. If you have no regard for yourself, at least have some for me, since I’ve put so much effort into helping you. I’m telling you in confidence, for every one we fail to help, it’s a mark of failure for every one of you that ends up in jail.”

“I haven’t done anything wrong, sir,” I said. “The police have nothing on me, honestly.”

“Stop with the clever talk about the police,” P. R. Deltoid said wearily, still rocking back and forth. “Just because they haven’t caught you recently doesn’t mean you haven’t been up to no good. There was a fight last night, wasn’t there? There was some trouble with knives and bike chains. One of that fat boy’s friends was taken to the hospital from near the Power Plant, injured badly, yes. Your name came up. I’ve heard it through the usual channels. Some of your friends were mentioned too. There seems to have been quite a bit of trouble last night. Oh, nobody can prove anything as usual. But I’m warning you, little Alex, as your friend, I'm the one person in this sick community who wants to save you from yourself.”

“I really appreciate that, sir,” I said, “very sincerely.”

“Yes, you do, don’t you?” he sneered somewhat. “Just watch it, that’s all. We know more than you think, little Alex.”

Then he said, in a tone of great concern, still rocking: “What’s wrong with you all? We’ve been studying this problem for nearly a century, yet we’re no closer to finding solutions. You have a good home here, loving parents, and you’re not lacking in intelligence. Is there some evil force inside you?”

“Nobody has anything on me, sir,” I replied. “I’ve been out of the police’s sights for a long time now.”

“That’s what worries me,” P. R. Deltoid sighed. “It’s been a bit too long to be healthy. You’re due for trouble soon, by my calculations. That’s why I’m warning you, little Alex, to stay out of trouble, you understand? Am I being clear?”

“As clear as a calm lake, sir,” I said. “Clear as a deep blue summer sky. You can trust me, sir.” And I gave him a friendly smile.

But when he’d finished, and I was making a very strong pot of chai, I smiled to myself about this thing that P. R. Deltoid and his friends worried about. Sure, I do bad things, like stealing, hitting, and using a knife, and if I get caught, well, that’s too bad for me, my little brothers, and you can’t run a country with every person behaving like I do at night. So if I get caught and spend three months here and another six there, and as P. R. Deltoid kindly warns, the next time, despite my youthful charm, brothers, it’s the big unknown punishment, well, I say: “Fair enough, but it’s a shame, my lords, because I just can’t stand being locked up. My goal will be, in whatever future comes my way before the knife catches up with me or blood spills in the chaos of twisted metal and shattered glass on the road, to not get caught again.” Which is reasonable. But, brothers, this fretting over what causes badness is what makes me laugh. They don’t explore what causes goodness, so why the focus on the other side? If people enjoy bad things, that’s because they like it, and I wouldn’t ever stop them from enjoying their pleasures, and the same goes for the other side. And I was indulging in the other side as well. Besides, badness comes from the individual, from you or me in our own ways, and that individual is created by God and is his great pride and joy. But those who don’t have that individual self—the government officials, judges, and schools—can’t accept badness because they can’t accept the individual. Isn’t our modern history, my brothers, the tale of brave little individuals fighting against these large machines? I’m serious with you, brothers, about this. But what I do, I do because I enjoy it.

On this cheerful winter morning, I drink a very strong chai with milk and spoon after spoon of sugar, since I have a sweet tooth, while I pull out of the oven the breakfast my poor old mom made for me. It was just a fried egg, nothing more, but I made toast and ate the egg with toast and jam, enjoying it while I read the newspaper. The paper included the usual stories about extreme violence, bank robberies, strikes, and football players frightening everyone by threatening not to play next Saturday unless they got better pay, those naughty boys. There were also more spaceflights, larger TV screens, and offers for free packets of soap flakes in exchange for labels from soup cans, an amazing deal for one week only, which made me laugh. And there was a big article on Modern Youth (which referred to me, so I gave a little bow, grinning like crazy) by a very smart bald man.

I read this carefully, my friends, slurping my chai, cup after cup, crunching my pieces of black toast dipped in jam and egg. This learned guy mentioned the usual things about a lack of parental discipline, as he called it, and the shortage of good teachers who would scare the bad behavior out of kids and make them cry for mercy. All this was silly and made me laugh, but it was nice to know that we were making the news all the time, my friends. Every day there was something about Modern Youth, but the best piece I ever saw in the newspaper was by some pop star in a dog collar who said that, in his opinion, and he was speaking seriously, IT WAS THE DEVIL THAT WAS OUT THERE, sneaking into young innocent lives, and that it was the adult world that should take responsibility for this with their wars, bombs, and nonsense. So, that was fine. He knew what he was talking about, being a wise man. So we young innocent boys could take no blame. Right, right, right.

After I had made a couple of uncomfortable noises in my completely full stomach, I started to get my day clothes from my wardrobe and turned on the radio. There was music playing, a very nice little string quartet by Claudius Birdman that I knew well. I had to laugh, though, remembering something I saw in an article about Modern Youth, which suggested that Modern Youth would be better off if there was a lively appreciation of the arts. It claimed that Great Music and Great Poetry would calm Modern Youth down and make them more civilized. Civilized, my foot. Music always energized me, my brothers, and made me feel powerful, ready to cause a ruckus and have people screaming in fun and excitement. After I fixed up my face and hands a bit and got dressed (my day clothes were like student wear: old blue pants with a sweater that had an A for Alex on it), I thought it was finally time to head to the record store (and hairdresser too, since my pockets were full of cash) to check on that long-promised stereo recording of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony (the Choral Symphony, that is), recorded on Masterstroke by the Esh Sham Sinfonia under L. Muhaiwir. So out I went, brothers.

The day was very different from the night. The night was mine and my friends' and all the other teenagers, while the rich people stayed inside drinking and watching TV. But the day was for the wealthy, and there always seemed to be more police around during the day, too. I took the bus from the corner to downtown, then walked back to Taylor Place, where my favorite record shop was, my brothers. It had the silly name MELODIA, but it was a great place and usually quick to get the new records. 

I walked in, and the only other customers were two young girls enjoying ice pops (and remember, this was the middle of winter). They were browsing the new pop records—Johnny Burnaway, Stash Kroh, The Mixers, Lay Quit Awhile With Ed And Id Molotov, and all the rest of that kind. These girls couldn’t have been more than ten, and they too, like me, had decided to skip school for the morning. You could see they thought of themselves as real young ladies already, swaying their hips when they noticed me, with their bright outfits and red lipstick on their faces. 

I walked up to the counter and gave a polite smile to Andy, who was behind it (always polite, always helpful, a really great guy, although he was bald and very thin). He said:

“Aha. I know what you want, I think. Good news, good news. It has arrived.” And with big hand movements like a conductor, he went to get it. The two young girls started giggling, as they often do at that age, and I shot them a cold look. Andy was back quickly, waving the shiny white cover of the Ninth Symphony, which featured the frowning face of Ludwig van Beethoven himself. “Here,” said Andy. “Shall we give it a listen?” But I wanted to bring it home so I could enjoy it on my stereo, greedy with anticipation. I fished out the money to pay, and one of the little girls asked:

“Who are you getting, big guy? What’s the big deal?” These young girls had their own way of talking.

“The Heaven Seventeen? Luke Sterne? Goggly Gogol?” And both giggled, swaying and moving. Then an idea struck me, filling me with excitement and anxiety, so much so that I could hardly breathe for almost ten seconds. I recovered and smiled brightly, saying:

“What do you have at home, little sisters, to play your fuzzy music on?” Because I could see the discs they were buying were these tiny pop things. “I bet you have little portable picnic players.” They pouted a bit at that. “Come with me,” I said, “and hear real music. Hear angel trumpets and devil trombones. You’re invited.” I bowed. They giggled again, and one of them said:

“Oh, but we’re so hungry. Oh, but we could really eat.” The other added, “Yeah, she can say that, can’t she?” So I said:

“Eat with me. Name your place.”

Then they pretended to be very sophisticated, which was a bit sad, and started talking in a grown-up way about the Ritz and the Bristol and the Hilton and Il Ristorante Granturco. But I interrupted with, “Follow me,” and I led them to the Pasta Parlour just around the corner, where they could fill their innocent young mouths with spaghetti, sausages, cream puffs, banana splits, and hot chocolate sauce, until I nearly felt sick watching it, while I, on the other hand, had a cold slice of ham and a small serving of chili. These two girls were quite similar, though not sisters. They shared the same ideas or lack thereof and had the same color of hair – a dyed straw color. Well, they would grow up quickly. Today would be a special day. No school this afternoon, but learning for sure, with me as the teacher. They told me their names were Marty and Sonietta, which were quirky enough and fitting for their childish style, so I said:

“Alright then, Marty and Sonietta. Time for the big adventure. Come.” Once we were outside on the cold street, they insisted they didn’t want to take the bus, oh no, but wanted to take a taxi, so I played along, though I smiled with real enjoyment, and I called a taxi from the stand near the center. The driver, a scruffy-looking man with a lot of facial hair in very stained clothes, said:

“Now don’t damage anything. Those seats were just reupholstered.” I calmed his sticky worries, and off we went to Municipal Flatblock 18A, the two bold little girls giggling and whispering to each other. To keep it brief, brothers, we arrived, and I led them up to apartment 10-8. They were panting and laughing the whole way, and once inside they complained of being thirsty. So I unlocked the little cabinet in my room and poured each of the ten-year-old girls a drink—Scotch, though well diluted with a fizzy, tingling soda. They sat on my unmade bed, swinging their legs, laughing and sipping while I played their silly little pop records on my stereo. It was like serving a child’s sweet drink, but in expensive golden glasses. They kept saying things like “Lovely” and “Wonderful” and other fashionable nonsense from their little crowd. I encouraged them to drink more, and they were happy enough to do so.

By the time each record had been played twice—two songs, one called Honey Nose and the other Night After Day After Night—they were getting hysterical with excitement, jumping on the bed while I stayed in the room with them.

What happened next that afternoon does not need to be described in detail, brothers—you can easily imagine it. They were soon undressed and laughing wildly, treating it all like some outrageous joke. They even found it amusing to watch me prepare a drug and inject myself, as if I were some kind of mad doctor. Then I put on Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony, and let the final movement play, filling the room with its overwhelming music—voices calling for joy, the orchestra surging, everything swelling into that great, glorious sound. With the drug and the music together, something savage rose up in me, and I turned on the two girls.

At that point it was no longer a joke to them. Their laughter stopped, and they were forced to endure what I did to them. Driven by the music and the drug, my actions were violent, uncontrolled, and relentless. They were very drunk and barely able to understand what was happening to them.

When the final movement played through again, with all its shouting about joy, the girls were no longer pretending to be sophisticated or playful. They were beginning to realize what had been done to them, crying that they wanted to go home and calling me an animal. They looked beaten and miserable, as if they had been through a battle—which they had. Bruised and shaken, they dressed themselves, crying out in pain, weakly hitting me with their small fists as I lay exhausted and naked on the bed. One of them screamed insults at me, calling me a filthy beast.

I let them gather their things and leave. They talked about going to the police and reporting me as they went down the stairs. I fell asleep soon after, with the sound of Beethoven’s joyful chorus still crashing and echoing in my head.

When the last part of the music had played for the second time, with all the noise about "Joy, Joy, Joy," the two young girls were no longer pretending to be sophisticated. They seemed to wake up to the reality of what had happened to them and said they wanted to go home, treating me like I was a wild animal. They looked like they had been in a big battle, which they had, and were bruised and upset. Well, if they weren’t going to school, they still needed some form of education. And they had certainly received some. They were crying out and saying "ow, ow, ow" as they got dressed, and they were playfully hitting me with their tiny fists while I lay there dirty, naked, and exhausted on the bed. This girl Sonietta was shouting: “You beast! You disgusting creature!” So, I let them gather their things and leave, which they did, talking about how the police should be called about me and all that. Then they went down the stairs, and I fell asleep again, still hearing the old "Joy, Joy, Joy" crashing and howling away.

What happened next was that I woke up late (around seven-thirty by my watch), and it turned out to be a bad idea. You can see that everything in this cruel world matters. One thing always leads to another. My stereo was no longer playing about "Joy" since someone had turned it off, which could have been either my parents. Both were now clearly audible in the living room, with the clinking of plates and the slurping of tea as they had their tired meal after a long day of work. I threw on my robe and looked out, as a loving son, to say:

“Hey there! Much better after the rest. Ready now for some evening work to earn a little money.” That’s what they thought I was doing these days. “Yum, yum, Mom. Is there any of that for me?” It looked like some frozen pie that she had thawed and then warmed up, not very appetizing, but I had to say what I said. Dad looked at me suspiciously but said nothing, knowing he couldn’t, and Mom gave me a tired little smile, the kind a mother gives her only son. I went to the bathroom and washed up, feeling dirty and sticky, then returned to my room to get dressed for the evening. After shining, combing, brushing, and looking good, I sat down to my slice of pie. Dad said:

“I don’t mean to pry, son, but where exactly do you go to work in the evenings?”

“Oh,” I said, “it’s mostly unusual things, helping out here and there, as needed.” I gave him a pointed look, indicating he should mind his own business while I handled mine. “I never ask for money, do I? Not for clothes or for fun? So why ask now?”

My dad seemed a bit nervous. “Sorry, son,” he said. “But I worry sometimes. I sometimes have dreams. You can laugh if you want, but dreams can mean a lot. Last night, I had a dream about you, and I didn’t like it at all.”

“Oh?” Now he had my attention, dreaming about me. I felt I might have had a dream too, but I couldn’t quite remember what it was. “Yes?” I said, pausing my chewing on the sticky pie.

“It was vivid,” my dad continued. “I saw you lying in the street, beaten by other boys. These boys were like the ones you used to hang out with before you went to that last Correctional School.”

“Oh?” I couldn’t help but smile a bit, my dad believing I had really changed for the better. Then I recalled my own dream, which involved that morning, with Georgie giving orders and old Dim laughing toothlessly while he wielded the whip. But dreams often go in opposites, or at least that’s what I’d been told. “Don’t worry about me, dear father,” I said. “Fear not. I can take care of myself, really.”

“And,” my dad added, “you were helpless and bleeding, and you couldn’t fight back.” That was a true opposite, and I had another quiet smile to myself. I then took all the loose change from my pockets and jingled it on the tablecloth. I said:

“Here, dad, it’s not much. It’s what I earned last night. But maybe it can buy you and mum a drink somewhere.”

“Thanks, son,” he said. “But we don’t go out much anymore. We can’t really, with how the streets are these days. Young troublemakers and all. Still, thanks. I’ll bring her home a bottle of something tomorrow.” He put the money into his pocket, while mum was busy washing the dishes in the kitchen. I left with smiles all around.

When I reached the bottom of the stairs of the apartment building, I was somewhat surprised—more than that, really. I opened my mouth wide in shock. They had come to meet me. They were waiting by the graffiti-covered municipal mural that celebrated the dignity of labor, showing bare backs and stern faces working at the wheels of industry, as I had mentioned before, with dirt scribbled on by mischievous kids. Dim had a large stick of black greasepaint and was writing crude words in big letters over our mural while making his usual silly laugh—"wuh huh huh." But he turned around when Georgie and Pete greeted me with wide smiles, and he shouted, “He is here, he has arrived, hooray,” and did a clumsy little dance.

“We got worried,” said Georgie. “There we were waiting and drinking the old milk, and you might have been upset by something or other, so we came over to your place. Right, Pete?”

“Oh, yes, right,” said Pete.

“Sorry about any trouble,” I said carefully. “I had a bit of a headache, so I had to sleep. I wasn’t woken up when I asked to be. Still, here we all are, ready for what the night brings, yes?” I seemed to have picked up that “yes” from P. R. Deltoid, my Post-Corrective Adviser. Very strange.

“Sorry about the headache,” said Georgie, sounding very concerned.

“Maybe using my mind too much. Giving orders and discipline and such. Is the headache gone? Are you sure you wouldn’t be happier going back to bed?” They all had a bit of a smirk.

“Wait,” I said. “Let’s get things clear. This sarcasm, if I can call it that, doesn’t suit you, my little friends. Perhaps you’ve been having a quiet chat behind my back, making your own little jokes. As your friend and leader, I surely deserve to know what’s going on, right? Now, Dim, what does that big goofy grin mean?” Dim had his mouth open in a kind of laugh without sound. Georgie quickly chimed in:

“All right, no more picking on Dim, brother. That’s part of the new way.”

“New way?” I said. “What’s this new way about? There’s been some big talk happening while I’ve been sleeping, without a doubt. Let me hear more.” I folded my arms and leaned comfortably against the broken banister, since I was still higher than my friends, who called themselves ‘droogs,’ on the third step.

“No offense, Alex,” said Pete, “but we wanted things to be more democratic. Not like you’re always the one telling us what to do and what not to do. But no offense.”

George said, “Offense is not about where you are. It’s about who has ideas. What ideas does he have?” He kept his bold gaze fixed on me. “It’s all the little things, like last night. We’re growing up, brothers.”

“More,” I said, not moving. “Let me hear more.”

“Well,” said Georgie, “if you really want it, here it is. We’re going around, committing petty crimes and the like, coming out with a pathetic amount of cash each. And there’s Will the English in the Muscleman coffee shop saying he can steal anything that any kid wants to try to take. The valuable stuff, the high-end goods,” he said, still looking at me with those cold eyes. “The big money is available, that’s what Will the English says.”

“So,” I said, feeling comfortable on the outside but really frustrated inside.

“Since when have you been spending time with Will the English?”

“Now and then,” said Georgie, “I get around on my own. Like last Sabbath, for instance. I can live my own life, my friend, right?”

I didn’t care for any of this, my brothers. “And what will you do,” I said, “with all this money as you so grandly call it? Don’t you already have everything you need? If you need a car, you take it from somewhere. If you want something pretty, you just take it. Yes? Why this sudden desire to be a big-time capitalist?”

“Ah,” said Georgie, “sometimes you think and talk like a child.” Dim laughed at that. “Tonight,” said Georgie, “we’re going to pull off a big job.”

So my dream had told the truth, then. Georgie was the leader saying what we should do and what we shouldn’t, with Dim as the mindless, grinning enforcer. But I played it carefully, very carefully, smiling as I said, “Good. Very nice. Opportunity comes to those who wait. I’ve taught you well, little friend. Now tell me what you have in mind, Georgie-boy.”

“Oh,” said Georgie, smirking knowingly, “the usual milk laced with drugs first, wouldn’t you say? Something to sharpen us up, especially you, since we’re getting a head start.”

"You've read my mind," I smiled. "I was just about to suggest the good old Korova. Great! Lead the way, little Georgie." I bowed deeply, smiling widely but thinking all the time. However, once we were outside, I realized that thinking is for the slow ones, while the quick ones rely on inspiration and what God sends. At that moment, beautiful music came to my rescue. A car drove by with its radio on, and I could hear a bit of Beethoven (it was the last movement of the Violin Concerto), and I immediately knew what to do. I said in a deep voice, "Alright, Georgie, now," and I pulled out my razor blade. Georgie said, "Huh?" but he was quick enough with his knife, the blade sliding out of the handle, and we were ready for each other. Old Dim said, "Oh no, that’s not right," and tried to uncoil the chain from his waist, but Pete firmly told Dim, "Leave them. That's fine." 

So Georgie and I quietly stalked each other, looking for openings, both knowing each other's moves too well. Georgie occasionally lunged with his shiny knife but didn’t land a hit. All the while, bystanders watched but ignored us, perhaps used to seeing this in the street. Then I counted to three and lunged with the razor, not aiming for his face or eyes but for the hand holding the knife, and, my friends, he dropped it. It fell with a clink on the hard winter sidewalk. I had just grazed his fingers, and there he was, watching a small trickle of blood appear in the lamplight. 

"Now," I said, feeling ready because Pete had signaled Dim not to draw his weapon, and Dim had obeyed. "Now, Dim, let's settle this, shall we?" Dim let out a wild cry, like a fierce animal, and quickly pulled the chain from his waist, which was impressive. My best move here was to stay low to protect my face and eyes, and I did, surprising poor Dim, who was used to facing off directly. I will say he struck me hard from behind, stinging like crazy, but that pain motivated me to go all out and finish it with Dim. 

I swung the razor at his left leg and cut through two inches of his pants, drawing a small drop of blood to make him really angry. As he howled like a dog, I tried the same tactic I used against Georgie, banking everything on one move—up, cross, cut—and felt the razor dig just deep enough into Dim’s wrist, and he yelped, dropping his weapon like a little kid. He then tried to stop the bleeding with his mouth while howling, and there was too much blood for him to drink, causing him to bubble and choke as it gushed out beautifully, but not for long. I said:

“Alright, my friends, now we should know. Yes, Pete?”

“I didn’t say anything,” replied Pete. “I didn’t speak a word. Look, old Dim’s bleeding.”

“No way,” I said. “You can only die once. Dim died before he even began living. That red blood will stop soon.” Because I hadn’t cut into anything major. I took a clean cloth from my bag to wrap around poor old dying Dim, who was howling and moaning, and, just like I said, the blood stopped, my friends. So they knew who was in charge now, I thought.

It didn’t take long to calm these two injured guys down in the snug of the Duke of New York, especially with large brandies (paid for by them, since I had given all my money to my dad), and a wipe with cloths dipped in the water jug. The old ladies we had been so kind to last night were there again, saying, “Thanks, guys” and “God bless you, boys,” as if they couldn’t help it, even though we hadn’t done the same thing with them again. But Pete said, “What’s it going to be, girls?” and bought them drinks, appearing to have a decent amount of money, so they were louder than ever with their “God bless and keep you all, lads” and “We’d never betray you, boys” and “The best guys around, that’s what you are.” Finally, I turned to Georgie:

“Now we’re back to where we started, right? Like before and all forgotten, yes?”

“Yes, yes, yes,” replied Georgie. But old Dim still looked a bit out of it, and he even said, “I could have taken that big guy, you know, with my gun, if some guy hadn’t gotten in the way,” as if he was talking about someone else. I asked:

“Well, Georgieboy, what did you have in mind?”

“Oh,” said Georgie, “not tonight. Not this night, please.”

“You're a big strong guy,” I said, “like the rest of us. We’re not little kids, are we, Georgieboy? So what did you have in mind?”

“I could have taken him out properly,” said Dim, and the old ladies were still saying, “Thanks, lads.”

“It was this house, you see,” said Georgie. “The one with the two lamps outside. The one with the silly name.”

“What silly name?”

“The Mansion or the Manse or something like that. Where this really fancy lady lives with her cats and all those very valuable things.”

“Such as?”

“Gold and silver and jewels. That’s what Will the English said.”

“I see,” I said. “I see it’s really something.” I knew where he meant—Oldtown, just beyond Victoria Flatblock. Well, the true mastermind always knows when to be generous to his followers. “Very good, Georgie,” I said. “That's a good idea, and one we should act on. Let’s go right away.”

As we were heading out, the old ladies said, “We won't say anything, lads. We've been here the whole time, boys.” So I replied, “Good old ladies. We'll be back to buy more in ten minutes.” And I led my three friends to my fate.

Just past the Duke of New York heading east were some offices, then there was the worn, starry library, and then the big flatblock called Victoria Flatblock, named after some victory or other. After that, you reached the quaint houses in the area called Oldtown. There were some really old buildings here, my friends, with lively residents, thin old men barking like colonels with canes, and elderly widows and deaf ladies with cats who, my friends, hadn’t experienced the touch of any man in their entire lives. And it was true, there were valuable items that would attract tourists—like pictures and jewels and other similar things of that sort. So we quietly approached a house called the Manse. There were globe lights outside on iron poles, like sentinels at the front door, and a dim light on in one of the rooms on the ground floor. We found a nice patch of darkness on the street to watch through the window to see what was happening. This window had iron bars in front of it, like the house was a prison, but we could see clearly what was going on.

What we saw was that this old lady, very gray-haired with a wrinkled face, was pouring milk from a bottle into saucers and setting these saucers down on the floor, so you could tell there were plenty of meowing cats wandering around down there. We could see one or two, fat cats, jumping up onto the table with their mouths open going "meow, meow, meow." The old lady was talking to them, scolding them in a harsh tone. In the room, we could see many old pictures on the walls and very ornate clocks, as well as some vases and decorations that looked fancy and expensive. Georgie whispered, “There's real money to be made from them, brothers. The English are really keen.” Pete asked, “How do we do it?”

Now it was up to me, and quickly, before Georgie started explaining how. “First thing,” I whispered, “is to try the main entrance. I’ll be polite and say that one of my friends has had a strange fainting spell outside. Georgie can be ready to show up when she opens the door. Then we can ask for water or to call a doctor. Then it will be easy.” Georgie said:

“She might not open the door.” I said:

“We’ll try, right?” He sort of shrugged, making a face. So I said to Pete and old Dim: “You two stand on either side of the door. Okay?” They nodded in the dark. “So,” I said to Georgie, and I boldly approached the front door. There was a doorbell, which I pressed, and a loud ringing echoed down the hallway inside. A similar feeling of anticipation followed, as if the elderly woman and her cats were listening attentively to the ringing, wondering what it was. So I pressed the doorbell a little more urgently. I then bent down to the mail slot and called through in a polite voice: “Help, madam, please. My friend has just fainted on the street. May I call a doctor?” I could see a light turning on in the hallway, and then I could hear the elderly woman shuffling in her slippers towards the front door, and I imagined, for some reason, that she was carrying a large fat cat under each arm. Then she called out in a surprisingly deep voice:

“Go away. Go away or I’ll shoot.” Georgie heard that and wanted to laugh. I replied, with a tone of urgency in my gentleman’s voice:

“Oh, please help, madam. My friend is very ill.”

“Go away,” she shouted. “I know your tricks, trying to get me to open the door so you can sell me things I don’t want. Go away. I mean it.” That was really innocent of her. “Go away,” she said again, “or I’ll set my cats on you.” You could tell she was a bit out of touch with reality, having spent all her life in her own little world. Then I looked up and noticed there was a window above the front door, and it would be much quicker to just climb in that way. Otherwise, we’d be stuck here arguing all night. So I said:

“Very well, madam. If you won’t help, I’ll have to take my suffering friend somewhere else.” I signaled to my friends to stay quiet, only I called out: “All right, dear friend, you will surely find a good Samaritan somewhere else. This old lady can’t be blamed for being cautious with so many scoundrels and rogues around at night. No, indeed not.”

We waited in the dark, and I whispered, “Okay. Let’s go back to the door. I’ll stand on Dim’s shoulders. Open that window, and I'll climb in, my friends. Then I’ll silence that old lady and let everyone in. No problems.” I wanted to show that I was the leader and had the ideas. “See,” I said. “That stonework above the door is really nice, a good place for my feet.” They understood and nodded in agreement.

We tiptoed back to the door. Dim was our strong friend, and Pete and Georgie helped lift me onto Dim’s broad shoulders. All the while, thanks to the news on TV and the fear of the night without police, the street was empty. Up on Dim’s shoulders, I saw that the stonework above the door would hold my boots perfectly. I climbed up, my friends, and there I was.

As I expected, the window was closed, but I pulled out my knife and broke the glass smoothly with the handle. Below, my friends were breathing heavily. I reached through the crack and pushed the lower half of the window up with ease. Like stepping into a bath, I climbed in. My friends stood below, their mouths open as they looked up.

Inside, it was dark and messy, with beds, cabinets, heavy stools, and piles of boxes and books around. I confidently walked towards the door of the room, noticing a sliver of light underneath it. The door creaked open, and I found myself in a dusty hallway with other doors. All this wasted space, I thought, with all these rooms and just one shining star and her kittens. Perhaps the cats had their own rooms, living like royalty on cream and fish heads. I could hear the muffled voice of the old lady below saying, “Yes, yes, that’s it,” but she was likely talking to those mewing kittens begging for more milk.

Then I spotted the stairs leading down to the hall and decided I would show my unreliable friends that I was worth more than all of them combined. I would take matters into my own hands. I would unleash chaos on the old lady and her kittens if necessary, then take handfuls of what looked like valuable stuff and waltz to the front door, showering gold and silver on my waiting friends. They needed to learn about leadership.

I moved down slowly and gently, admiring the old pictures in the stairwell—girls with long hair and high collars, a countryside with trees and horses, and a holy bearded man hanging on a cross. There was a real musty smell of cats and cat hair and dust in this house, different from the flatblocks. Then I was downstairs and could see the light in the front room where she had been giving milk to the cats. I could also see these large overstuffed cats going in and out, their tails waving and rubbing against the bottom of the door. On a big wooden chest in the dark hallway, I noticed a nice little statue that shone in the light of the room. It was of a young, slender girl standing on one leg with her arms outstretched, and I saw it was made of silver. So, I took it as I walked into the brightly lit room, saying, “Hi hi hi. At last we meet. Our brief conversation through the letter slot was not, shall we say, satisfactory, right? Let’s agree, not at all, you stinking old hag.” I blinked in the light at this room and the old woman inside it. It was full of cats all crawling over the carpet, with bits of fur floating in the air. These fat cats were all different shapes and colors—black, white, tabby, ginger, tortoiseshell, and of all ages, too. There were kittens playing with each other, fully grown cats, and some really bad-tempered ones. Their owner, this old woman, looked at me fiercely and said:

“How did you get in? Keep your distance, you villainous young toad, or I will have to hit you.”

I had a real creepy smile at that, seeing that she had in her veiny hand a cheap wooden walking stick which she raised at me threateningly. So, showing my shiny teeth, I moved a bit closer to her, taking my time, and on the way I saw on a nearby sideboard a lovely little thing, the loveliest small item any boy who loved music like me could ever hope to see with his own two eyes, for it was like the head and shoulders of Ludwig van himself, what they call a bust, a stone piece with stone long hair and blind eyes and a big flowing cravat. I was off for that right away, saying: “Well, how lovely and all for me.” But as I approached it with my eyes full on it and my greedy hand out, I didn’t see the milk saucers on the floor and stepped into one, losing my balance. “Whoops,” I said, trying to steady myself, but this old woman had come up behind me very cunningly and with great speed for her age, and then she hit me on the head with her little stick. So I found myself on my hands and knees trying to get up and saying: “Naughty, naughty naughty.” Then she was hitting me again, saying: “Wretched little pest, breaking into real people's houses.” I didn’t like this hitting, so I grabbed one end of her stick as it came down again, and she lost her balance, trying to steady herself against the table. But then the tablecloth came off with a milk jug and a milk bottle falling over and scattering white liquid in all directions, and then she was down on the floor, grunting, saying: “Blast you, boy, you shall suffer.” Now all the cats were getting scared and running and jumping in a kind of cat-panic, some blaming each other, swatting at each other with their paws and hissing. I got up on my feet, and there was this nasty, vengeful old woman with her waddles shaking and grunting as she tried to push herself up from the floor, so I gave her a little kick in the face, and she didn’t like that, crying: “Waaaaah,” and you could see her veiny mottled face going purple where I had kicked her.

As I stepped back from the kick, I must have accidentally stepped on the tail of one of those screeching cats because I let out a loud yell and found that fur, teeth, and claws were gripping my leg. I was cursing and trying to shake it off while holding this small silver statue in one hand and trying to climb over an old lady on the floor to reach beautiful Ludwig van, who was frowning like stone. Then I stumbled into another saucer full of creamy milk and nearly went flying again. The whole scene was quite funny if you could picture it happening to someone else and not me. 

The old lady on the floor reached over all the noisy cats and grabbed my leg while still yelling "Waaaaah" at me. My balance was a bit off, and this time I really crashed down onto the splashing milk and the screaming cats. The old lady started hitting me in the face, both of us on the floor, yelling: "Beat him, thrash him, pull out his fingernails, the poisonous young beetle," directing her remarks only to her cats. Then, as if obeying the old lady, a couple of cats jumped onto me and started scratching like crazy. 

I got really furious myself, brothers, and swatted at them, but this old woman shouted, "Don’t touch my kitties," and scratched my face. So I yelled back, "You filthy old hag," and raised the little silver statue and gave her a solid whack on the head, which finally silenced her.

As I got up from the floor amidst all the screeching cats and kittens, I suddenly heard the sound of a police car siren in the distance. It quickly dawned on me that the old lady with the cats had called the police when I thought she was just chatting with them. She must have gotten suspicious when I called her pretending to ask for help. So, hearing the terrifying sound of the police van, I rushed to the front door, struggling to unlock all the locks, chains, and bolts. Once I finally got it open, there was old Dim standing on the doorstep, while I could see the other two of my so-called friends running away. 

“Get out of here,” I shouted at Dim. “The cops are coming.” Dim replied, “You’ll stay and meet them, huh, huh, huh,” and then I noticed he had his gun out. Suddenly, he fired it, hitting me gently and artistically on the eyelids, just in time for me to close them. I was screaming in pain, and Dim said, “I don’t like what you did, old friend. It wasn’t right to betray me like that.” Then I heard his heavy boots walking away into the dark, while he chuckled. About seven seconds later, I heard the police van pull up with its loud siren, like some crazy animal making a noise. I was screaming too, disoriented and banging my head against the wall. My eyes were shut tight, and tears were streaming down in agony. So there I was, fumbling around in the hallway as the police arrived. I couldn't see them, but I could hear and almost smell them, and soon I felt them getting rough with me, twisting my arms and carrying me outside. 

I heard one officer say from the room I had come out of, filled with all those cats and kittens, "She's been hurt badly, but she's breathing," and there was loud meowing the whole time. 

“A real pleasure this is,” another officer said as they shoved me roughly into the car. “Little Alex all to ourselves.” I shouted, “I’m blind, damn you, you filthy bastards.” 

“Language, language,” one officer chuckled, and then I got a hard slap across the face from someone. I said:

“Curse you, you filthy little traitors. Where are the others? Where are my traitorous friends? One of my cursed little pals locked me up. Get them before they escape. It was all their idea, guys. They forced me to do it. I’m innocent, you jerk.”

By this time, they were all laughing at me with complete heartlessness, and they had shoved me into the back of the car, but I kept going on about these so-called friends of mine. Then I realized it wouldn’t do any good, because they’d all be back now at the Duke of New York, forcing drinks down the throats of those clueless girls and saying: “Thanks, guys. God bless you, boys. We’ve been with you the whole time, lads. You haven’t been out of our sight.”

The whole ride to the police station was filled with me wedged between two officers, taking the occasional hit and shove from these laughing bullies. Then I discovered I could open my eyes a little and see through my tears a kind of hazy city going by, all the lights blurred together. Through my stinging eyes, I could see two laughing officers in the back with me, the thin-necked driver, and the fat-necked guy next to him, who was making a sarcastic remark at me, saying: “Well, Alex boy, we all look forward to a pleasant evening together, don’t we?” I replied:

“How do you know my name, you filthy bully? May you burn in hell, you rotten scoundrel.” They all laughed at that, and one of the officers in the back twisted my arm. The fat-necked guy said:

“Everyone knows little Alex and his friends. Our Alex has become quite famous.”

“It’s those others,” I shouted. “Georgie, Dim, and Pete. They aren’t my friends, the bastards.”

“Well,” said the fat guy, “you’ve got the evening ahead to tell the whole story of those young gentlemen and how they led poor innocent Alex astray.” Then another police siren whooshed by, going in the opposite direction.

“Is that for those bastards?” I asked. “Are you catching them?”

“That,” said the fat guy, “is an ambulance. Probably for your poor victim, you miserable scoundrel.”

“It was all their fault,” I shouted, blinking my stinging eyes. “Those scoundrels will be partying in the Duke of New York. Pick them up, you idiots.” Then there was more laughing and another hard hit, oh my brothers, on my poor stinging face. After that, we arrived at the foul-smelling police station, and they helped me out of the car with kicks and pulls, pushing me up the steps. I knew I wasn’t going to get fair treatment from these filthy brutes; curse them.

They dragged me into a very brightly lit white room, and it had a strong odor that mixed sickliness, filthy toilets, and disinfectant, all from the nearby areas. You could hear some of the prisoners in their cells cursing and singing, and I thought I could hear one singing:

‘And I will go back to my darling, my darling,  
When you, my darling, are gone.’

But there were the voices of police telling them to be quiet, and you could even hear the sound of someone being hit hard and going “owwwwwww,” which sounded like the cry of a drunken bird, not a man. With me in this room were four officers, all loudly drinking tea, a big pot of it on the table as they slurped and burped over their dirty mugs. They didn’t offer me any. All they gave me, my brothers, was a cheap mirror to look into, and indeed I was not your handsome young Narrator any longer but a real mess, my face swollen, my eyes all red, and my nose slightly bumped. They all had a great laugh when they saw my dismay, and one of them said: “Love’s young nightmare, it seems.” Then a higher-ranking officer came in with insignia on his shoulders to show he was important, and he looked at me and said: “Hmm.” So then they started. I said:

“I won’t say a single word unless I have my lawyer here. I know the law, you bastards.” Of course, they all had a big laugh at that, and then the higher-ranking officer said:

"Alright, guys, we'll start by showing him that we know the law too, but knowing the law isn't everything." He spoke in an overly polite manner and sounded very tired, nodding with a somewhat annoying smile at a large, overweight officer. This big officer took off his tunic, revealing a large belly, and approached me slowly. I could smell the milk tea he had been drinking when he opened his mouth with a sluggish grin. He wasn't well-shaven for a cop; there were patches of dried sweat on his shirt under his arms, and I could smell earwax as he got closer. Then he clenched his dirty red fist and hit me right in the stomach, which was unfair. The other officers laughed loudly at that, except for the one in charge who continued to smile with a bored expression. I had to lean against the white wall, getting paint onto my clothes, trying to catch my breath in pain, and I felt like I was going to vomit the greasy pie I'd eaten earlier. But I couldn't bring myself to throw up all over the floor, so I held it back. I noticed that the fat officer was turning to his fellow cops to laugh about what he had done, so I raised my right leg and, before they could warn him, I kicked him hard on the shin. He yelled in pain, hopping around.

After that, they all took turns hitting me, tossing me around like a tired old ball, punching me in the groin, the face, and the stomach while kicking me as well. Eventually, I couldn't hold back and vomited on the floor, and, like a complete fool, I even said, "Sorry, guys, that was not right at all. Sorry, sorry, sorry." But they handed me scraps of paper and made me clean it up, and then they made me use sawdust to cover it. Then they told me, almost like old friends, to sit down and we would all have a nice chat. Just then, P. R. Deltoid came in to take a look, his office being in the same building, looking very tired and messy, and said, "So it’s happened, Alex, yes? Just as I thought it would. Oh dear, yes."

He turned to the officers and said, "Good evening, inspector. Good evening, sergeant. Good evening, everyone. Well, this is the end of the line for me, isn't it? Oh dear, this boy looks a real mess, doesn't he? Just look at him."

"Violence breeds violence," said the lead officer in a very self-righteous tone. "He resisted lawful arrest."

“End of the line, yes,” said P. R. Deltoid again. He looked at me with very cold eyes, as if I had become an object and was no longer a tired, battered young man. “I suppose I’ll have to be in court tomorrow.”

“It wasn’t me, brother, sir,” I said, feeling a little teary. “Please speak up for me, sir. I’m not so bad. I was led astray by the deceit of the others, sir.”

“Sings like a canary,” said the top officer, sneering. “He sings beautifully, doesn’t he?”

“I’ll speak,” said the cold P. R. Deltoid. “I’ll be there tomorrow, don’t worry.”

“If you’d like to punch him in the face, sir,” said the top officer, “don’t mind us. We’ll hold him down. He must be another disappointment to you.”

Then P. R. Deltoid did something I never thought a man like him, who was supposed to reform us into decent young men, would do, especially with all those officers around. He came a bit closer and spat. He spat right in my face, then wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. I wiped and wiped my spit-covered face with my shirt, saying, “Thank you, sir, thank you very much, sir. That was very kind of you, sir, thank you.” Then P. R. Deltoid walked out without another word.

The officers then started to prepare a long statement for me to sign. I thought to myself, “If all of you are on the side of what’s right, then I’m glad to belong to the other side.” “All right,” I said to them, “you disgusting little brats, you filthy people. Take it all. I’m not going to crawl on my knees anymore, you dirty pigs. Where do you want me to start? From my last punishment? All right, here it is then.” So I shared everything with them, and I had this quiet, scared officer, who looked like he wasn’t really an officer at all, taking notes page after page. I told them about the violence, the attacks, the old in-out-in-out, everything, right up to tonight’s event with the flashy star and the meowing cats. And I made sure to include my so-called friends, right up to the end. By the time I finished, the note-taking officer looked a bit faint, poor guy. The top officer said to him in a kind voice:

“Alright, son, you go get yourself a nice cup of chai and then write out all that nonsense with a clothespin on your nose, making three copies. Then they can be taken to our good-looking young friend here for his signature. And you,” he said to me, “can now be shown to your bridal suite with running water and all the amenities. Alright,” he said wearily to two of the real tough cops, “take him away.”

So I was kicked and punched and pushed off to the cells and put in with about ten or twelve other prisoners, many of them drunk. There were some really rough types among them, one with his nose all messed up and his mouth open like a big black hole, one who was lying on the floor snoring, drooling all over, and another who had obviously messed himself. Then there were two guys who seemed a bit strange and both took an interest in me; one jumped on my back, and I had a pretty unpleasant struggle with him. The smell of him, mixed with cheap cologne, made me want to be sick, but my stomach was empty now. Then the other strange one started touching me, and soon there was a loud fight between the two of them, both wanting to get at me. The disturbance got so loud that a couple of officers came over and hit both of them with their batons, and they fell silent, staring into space, with blood dripping down one of their faces.

There were bunks in this cell, but all were occupied. I climbed up to the top bunk in one tier, which had four bunks, and found a drunk guy snoring away, probably shoved up there by the officers. Anyway, I pushed him down; he wasn’t too heavy, and he landed on top of a fat drunk guy on the floor. They both woke up and started yelling and punching each other. So I lay down on this dirty bed, my brothers, and eventually fell into a very tired, exhausted, and painful sleep. But it didn’t really feel like sleep; it felt more like passing out into another, better world. In this better world, my brothers, I was in a big field filled with flowers and trees, and there was a goat with a man's face playing a flute. Then the sun rose, looking like Beethoven himself, with a stormy face, a cravat, and wild hair, and I heard the last movement of the Ninth Symphony, with the words all mixed up, as if they knew they had to be mixed up, since it was a dream.

Sure! Here’s the text transformed into clear, modern English:

---

Boy, you loud and wild creature of heaven,  
Destruction of paradise,  
Hearts on fire, excited, captivated,  
We will beat you down and kick  
Your dirty, smelly backside.

But the music was right, as I realized when I woke up—whether it was two minutes or twenty hours or even days or years later, my watch had been taken away. There was a guard like miles and miles below, poking me with a long stick with a sharp end, saying:

“Wake up, son. Wake up, my darling. Wake up to real trouble.”

I asked,  
“Why? Who? Where? What is it?” And the tune of the Joy ode in the Ninth Symphony was playing beautifully in my head. The guard said,  
“Come down and find out. There’s some real good news for you, my son.” So I got down, very stiff and sore and not really awake, and this officer, who smelled strongly of cheese and onions, pushed me out of the filthy, noisy cell and along the hallways. The old tune Joy, Thou Glorious Spark of Heaven continued to play in my mind. Then we arrived at a neat office with typewriters and flowers on the desks, and at the main desk, the head officer was sitting, looking very serious and giving me a cold, hard stare. I said:  
“Well, well, well. What’s going on? Why this fine, bright time of night?” He replied:  
“I’ll give you just ten seconds to wipe that stupid grin off your face. Then I want you to listen.”

“Well, what?” I asked, smiling. “Are you not satisfied with nearly beating me to death, making me confess to crimes for hours, and throwing me in a cell with crazies and dirty perverts? Do you have some new torture for me?”

“It’ll be your own torture,” he said, seriously. “I hope to God it drives you mad.”

And then, before he told me, I knew what it was. The old lady who had all the cats and kittens had passed away in one of the city hospitals. I had hurt her too much, I guess. Well, that was that. I thought of all those cats and kittens crying for milk and getting none from their starry-eyed owner. That was everything. I’d done it all, and I was still only fifteen.

---

Part Two

1

“What’s it going to be then, huh?”

I’m picking up the story now, and this is the truly sad and tragic part, my brothers and only friends, in Staja (State Jail, that is) Number 84F. You won’t want to hear all the awful and horrible details of the shock that made my dad pound his beaten and troubled head against the unfairness of it all, and my mom crying out in her deep sorrow over her only child and son, feeling like she was letting everyone down. Then there was the grim magistrate in the lower court delivering some very harsh words against me, after all the filthy slander spewed by P. R. Deltoid and the police, God bless them. Then there was being held in dirty confinement among twisted perverts and criminals. Then came the trial in the higher court with judges and a jury, and some really nasty words spoken in a very serious manner, and then “Guilty” and my mom sobbing when they announced Fourteen Years, oh my brothers. So here I was now, two years to the day since being thrown into Staja 84F, dressed in the height of prison fashion, which was a one-piece suit of a very dirty yellowish color, with the number sewn on the grody part just above the private area and on the back as well, so that going and coming I was 6655321 and no longer just your little droog Alex.

“What’s it going to be then, eh?”

It certainly hadn’t been enlightening, spending two years in this terrible place that felt like a human zoo, getting kicked and hit by cruel guards, and meeting people who behaved like criminals—some of them real perverts who couldn’t help but stare at a young guy like me. I had to work in the workshop making matchboxes and run around in circles for exercise. Sometimes in the evenings, some scholarly type would give a lecture on beetles, the Milky Way, or the amazing wonders of the snowflake. I had a good laugh at that last one, because it reminded me of a time long ago when I was being beaten and vandalizing a place after leaving the public library one winter night, when my friends were still loyal and I felt happy and free. 

From those friends, I only heard one thing: one day, when my parents visited, I was told that Georgie was dead. Yes, dead, my brothers. Dead like a roadkill dog. Georgie had led the other two into a wealthy man's house, where they kicked and beat the owner to the floor. Then Georgie started ripping the cushions and curtains apart, and old Dim smashed some precious items, like statues. The wealthy man, furious, attacked them with a heavy iron bar. His anger gave him incredible strength, so Dim and Pete managed to escape through a window, but Georgie tripped on the carpet and took a terrible blow to the head from the swinging iron bar. That was the end of traitorous Georgie. The killer was cleared of charges under self-defense, which seemed fair enough. Even though Georgie's death happened over a year after I was caught by the police, it felt like fate that it happened.

“So, what’s it going to be then, huh?”

I was in the Wing Chapel, it being Sunday morning, and the prison officer was delivering the Word of the Lord. It was my job to play the stereo, putting on solemn music before, after, and even during the hymns. I was at the back of the Wing Chapel (there were four here in Staja 84F) near where the guards were standing with their rifles and their rough, unkempt faces, and I could see all the inmates sitting down, absorbing the Word of the Lord in their awful, dull-colored prison clothes. There was a sort of unpleasant odor coming from them, not the usual unwashed smell, but a special stench that you could only get from people like them, my brothers, a dusty, greasy, hopeless kind of smell. And I was wondering if I had that smell too, now that I had become one of them, even though I was still very young. So it was important to me, my brothers, to get out of this horrible place as soon as I could. And, as you will see if you keep reading, it wasn’t long before I did.

“What’s it going to be, then?” said the prison officer for the third time. “Is it going to be in and out of institutions like this, though more in than out for most of you, or are you going to pay attention to the Divine Word and understand the punishments that await the unrepentant sinner in the next world, as well as in this one? You’re a lot of foolish people, most of you, giving up your potential for a little bit of easy living. Is the thrill of stealing or violence worth it when we have undeniable proof that hell exists? I’ve been shown in visions that there is a place darker than any prison, hotter than any human flame, where souls of unrepentant sinners like yourselves—and don’t sneer at me, don’t laugh—like you, I say, scream in endless agony, their noses overwhelmed by the smell of filth, their mouths filled with burning waste, their skin peeling and rotting, a fireball churning in their insides. Yes, yes, yes, I know.”

At this point, brothers, a guy somewhere in the back row let out a loud noise—’Prrrrrp’—and then the guards quickly moved in, rushing to what they thought was the source of the noise, hitting out aggressively and delivering punches left and right. They singled out one poor, trembling guy, very thin and small, and dragged him away while he kept shouting, “It wasn’t me, it was him, you see,” but that made no difference. He was hit hard and dragged out of the Wing Chapel, screaming loudly.

“Now,” said the prison officer, “listen to the Word of the Lord.” Then he picked up the big book and flipped through the pages, wetting his fingers by licking them. He was a big, burly man with a very red face, but he was quite fond of me, being young and interested in the big book. It had been arranged as part of my education for me to read from it and even listen to music on the chapel stereo while I read, oh my brothers. And that was really great.

They would lock me in and let me listen to holy music by J. S. Bach and G. F. Handel while I read about these notable figures fighting each other, drinking their wine, and getting with their wives’ maidservants, really fascinating stuff. That kept me going, brothers. I didn’t quite understand the later part of the book, which was more preachy than about fighting and the old in-and-out. But one day, the officer told me, squeezing me tightly with his strong hand: “Ah, 6655321, think about the divine suffering. Meditate on that, my boy.” And he always had a strong smell of Scotch on him before he went off to his office for more drinks. So I read all about the scourging, the crown of thorns, and the crucifixion, and I realized there was something important in it. While the stereo played beautiful Bach, I closed my eyes and imagined myself helping with the beatings and the nailing, dressed in a toga that was very fashionable in Roman times. So being in Cell 84F wasn’t a complete waste, and the Governor was very pleased to hear that I had taken to Religion, which gave me hope.

This Sunday morning, the chap read from a book about people who listened to the words and didn’t realize they were like a house built on sand. Then the rain fell hard, and the loud thunder cracked the sky, marking the end of that house. But I thought only a very foolish person would build their house on sand, and such a person would have to deal with many sneering friends and nasty neighbors who wouldn’t bother to warn him about his poor choice in building. Then the leader shouted, “Alright, everyone. We’ll finish with Hymn Number 435 in the Prisoners’ Hymnal.” Suddenly, there was a crash and a noise as the people flipped through their small hymn books while the tough guards yelled, “Stop talking, you lot. I’m watching you, 920537.” Of course, I had the music ready on the stereo, and I let the simple organ music play loudly. Then the people started to sing very badly:

    Weak tea are we, new brewed
    But stirring makes us strong.
    We eat no angel’s food,
    Our times of trial are long.

They kind of howled and cried, and the leader urged them on, yelling, “Sing louder, come on!” while the guards shouted, “Just you wait, 7749222,” and “You’ll get one on the head for that, scum.” Then it all ended, and the leader said, “May the Holy Trinity keep you and make you good, amen,” and they began to file out to a nice piece of Symphony No. 2 by Adrian Schweigselber, which I had chosen. I thought about how many they were as I stood by the chapel stereo, watching them shuffle out like animals, making silly sounds and raising their dirty fingers at me, as if I was somehow special. When the last one left, looking like an ape with his hands hanging down and one guard giving him a loud hit on the back of the head, and after I turned off the stereo, the leader came over to me, smoking a cigarette, still wearing his white outfit that looked like a girl’s. He said:

“Thank you as always, little 6655321. What news do you have for me today?” I understood that this guy was aiming to become a significant figure in the world of Prison Religion. He wanted a credible testimonial from the Governor. So he would come to me now and then to discuss what dark schemes were brewing among the inmates, and he would get a lot of information from me. Some of it would be made up, but some would be true, like the time we had heard through the water pipes that big Harriman was planning to escape. He was going to attack the guard at slop time and sneak out in the guard’s clothes. Then there would be a commotion over the awful food we got in the dining hall, and I shared that information. The guy passed it on and got complimented by the Governor for his public spirit and keen ear. This time, however, I said something that wasn’t true:

“Well, sir, I’ve heard through the pipes that a shipment of cocaine has arrived by unusual means and that a cell on Tier 5 is going to be the distribution center.” I made all that up as I went along, like I had done with so many of these stories. But the prison guy was very grateful, saying, “Good, good, good. I’ll pass that on to Him,” referring to the Governor. Then I said:

“Sir, I’ve done my best, haven’t I?” I always used a very polite gentleman’s tone when speaking to those at the top. “I tried hard, didn’t I?”

“I think,” the guy said, “that overall you have, 6655321. You’ve been very helpful and, I believe, shown a genuine desire to reform. If you keep this up, you’ll earn your remission without any trouble.”

“But sir,” I said, “what about this new thing they’re talking about? What about this new treatment that can get you out of prison quickly and ensure you never come back?”

“Oh,” he said, sounding quite cautious. “Where did you hear about this? Who has been telling you these things?”

“These things get around, sir,” I replied. “Two guards might talk, and someone can’t help but overhear. Then someone picks up a piece of newspaper in the workshop, and it mentions all about it. How about you putting me in for this treatment, sir, if I’m bold enough to suggest it?”

I could see him thinking while he smoked, trying to decide how much to share about what he knew regarding the treatment I’d mentioned. Then he said:

“I assume you’re referring to Ludovico’s Technique.” He still sounded very cautious.

“I don’t know what it's called, sir,” I said. “All I know is that it gets you out quickly and makes sure you don’t come back in.”

“That is true,” he replied, raising his eyebrows as he looked down at me. “That is quite true, 6655321. Of course, it’s only in the experimental stage right now. It’s very simple but very extreme.”

“But it’s being used here, isn’t it, sir?” I asked. “Those new white buildings by the South wall, sir. We've seen them being built during our exercise.”

“It hasn’t been used yet,” he said, “not in this prison, 6655321. The higher-ups have serious doubts about it. I must admit I share those doubts. The question is whether such a method can really make a person good. Goodness comes from within, 6655321. Goodness is a choice. When a person can’t choose, they cease to be a person.” He would have continued with more of this talk, but we could hear the next group of prisoners marching clank, clank down the iron stairs to attend their bit of Religion. He said, “We’ll have a little chat about this some other time. Now you’d better start the voluntary.” So I went over to the stereo and played J. S. Bach’s ‘Wachet Auf’ Choral Prelude, and in came those rough criminals and perverts, shuffling in like a bunch of worn-out apes, while the guards barked at them and whipped them. Soon the prison officer was asking them, “What’s it going to be then, eh?” And that’s where you came in.

We had four servings of what felt like Prison Religion that morning, but the guard said nothing more to me about this Ludovico’s Technique, whatever that was, my brothers. When I finished my meal while listening to the stereo, he just muttered a few words of thanks and then I was taken back to my cell on Tier 6, which was my very dirty and cramped home. The guard wasn’t too bad that day; he didn’t hit or kick me when he opened the door. He just said, “Here we are, sonny, back to the old hangout.” Then I was with my new kind of friends, all very criminal, but thank God, not indulging in physical perversions. There was Zophar on his bunk, a very thin and tired guy who rambled on in his raspy voice, so nobody really listened. What he was saying, directed at nobody, was, “And at that time, you couldn’t find a cigarette” (whatever that meant, brothers), “not even if you offered ten million dollars, so what did I do? I went down to Turkey’s and said I’ve got this issue tomorrow, see, and what can he do?” It was all this old-fashioned criminal slang he used. Also there was Wall, who had only one eye, tearing off bits of his toenails in honor of Sunday. Then there was Big Jew, a very fat, sweaty man lying flat on his bunk like he was dead. Additionally, there were Jojohn and The Doctor. Jojohn was very mean, eager, and wiry and had specialized in Sexual Assault, while The Doctor had pretended to be able to cure syphilis and gonorrhea but had only injected water; he had also caused the deaths of two girls instead of helping them with their unwanted pregnancies. They were a terrible group really, and I didn’t enjoy being around them, my brothers, any more than you do now, but it won’t last much longer.

Now what I want you to know is that this cell was built for only three people, but there were six of us crammed in together, sweaty and tight. And that was the situation in all the cells in all the prisons back then, brothers, and it was a dirty, shameful disgrace that there wasn’t decent room for a person to stretch his limbs. You will hardly believe what I say now: on this Sunday, they brought in another inmate. Yes, we had just eaten our terrible slop of dumplings and nasty stew and were quietly smoking a cigarette on our bunks when this man was thrown into our midst.

He was a skinny, starry-eyed guy, and it was him who started complaining before we even had a chance to see the situation. He tried to shake the bars, shouting, “I demand my rights! This place is full, it’s a real imposition, that’s what it is.” But one of the guards came back to say he had to make the best of it and share a bunk with whoever would let him; otherwise, he’d have to sleep on the floor. “And,” said the guard, “it’s going to get worse, not better. You lot are trying to create a truly rotten criminal world.”

Well, letting in this new guy was really the start of my getting out of the old prison, because he was such a nasty, quarrelsome person, with a dirty mind and bad intentions, that trouble started that very same day. He was also very boastful, sneering at us all with a loud, proud voice. He claimed to be the only real tough guy in the whole place, bragging about everything he’d done, including claiming he’d killed ten cops with one blow or something like that. But nobody was very impressed, my friends. Then he started on me, being the youngest there, saying that as the youngest, I should be the one to sleep on the floor, not him. But all the others defended me, shouting, “Leave him alone, you filthy brat!” Then he whined about how nobody loved him.

That night, I woke up to find this horrible guy lying in my bunk, which was on the bottom of the three-tier and very narrow, speaking dirty words and stroking me. I got really angry and swung out, even though I couldn’t see much because there was just a little red light outside in the hallway. But I knew it was him, the rotten bastard, and when the real trouble started and the lights were turned on, I could see his horrible face with blood dripping from his mouth where I had hit him.

What happened then, of course, was that my cellmates woke up and started to join in, fighting a bit wildly in the near-dark. The noise seemed to wake up the whole tier, so you could hear a lot of shouting and banging with tin mugs on the wall, as if everyone in all the cells thought a big breakout was about to happen, my friends. Then the lights came on and the guards came in wearing their shirts, trousers, and caps, waving big sticks. We could see each other’s flushed faces and the shaking of fists, and there was a lot of shouting and cursing.

I filed my complaint, and everyone said it was probably me, the narrator, who started all the trouble anyway. I didn’t have a scratch on me, just a lot of red blood from where I scratched him. That really made me angry. I said I wouldn’t spend another night in that cell if the prison authorities were going to let stinking, perverted guys attack me while I was asleep and unable to defend myself. "Wait until morning," they said. "Do you need a private room with a bath and television? That will be taken care of in the morning. But for now, get your head down on your straw-filled mattress and let’s avoid any more trouble from anyone. Is that clear?" Then they left with stern warnings for all of us, and soon after, the lights went out. I decided I would stay awake for the rest of the night and said to the guy who had been bothering me, “Go ahead, take my bunk if you want. I don’t want it anymore. You’ve made it filthy with your disgusting lying around on it.” But then the others chimed in. Big Jew, still sweating from our earlier fight, said, “We’re not going to let that happen, brother. Don’t give in to him.” The new guy replied, “Shut your mouth, idiot,” which was very insulting. Big Jew got ready to retaliate. The Doctor said, “Come on, gentlemen, we don’t want any trouble, do we?” in his posh voice, but the new guy was clearly looking for a fight. You could tell he thought he was a big deal and it was beneath him to share a cell with six others and sleep on the floor until I made this gesture toward him. In a mocking way, he imitated The Doctor, saying, “Oh, you don’t want more trouble, do you, Archibald?” Then Jojohn, who was mean and wiry, said, “If we can’t sleep, let’s get some education. Our new friend here needs to learn a lesson.” Even though he specialized in sexual assault, he spoke calmly and precisely. So the new guy sneered.

“Kish and kosh and koosh, you little terror.” That’s when it all really began, but in a strange, gentle way, with no one raising their voice too much. The new guy screamed a little at first, but the Wall covered his mouth while Big Jew held him up against the bars so he could be seen in the dim red light from the landing, and he just went “oh oh oh.” He wasn’t a very strong guy, struggling weakly to fight back, and I guess he tried to make up for it by being loud and very boastful. Anyway, seeing the blood flow red in the red light made me feel a familiar joy rising up in my gut, and I said:

“Leave him to me, come on, let me have him now, brothers.” So Big Jew said:

“Yes, yes, boys, that’s fair. Go for it, Alek.” They all stood around while I went at this guy in the near dark. I hit him all over, dancing around with my boots on though they were unlaced, and then I tripped him and he fell hard onto the floor. I gave him one solid kick to the head and he went “ohhhh,” then kind of passed out, and The Doctor said:

“Very well, I think that will be enough of a lesson,” squinting at this downed and beaten guy on the floor. “Let him dream about being a better person in the future.” So we all climbed back into our bunks, feeling very tired now.

What I dreamed of, my brothers, was being in a huge orchestra, hundreds strong, with a conductor who was a mix of Beethoven and Handel, looking very deaf, blind, and weary of the world. I was with the wind instruments, but what I was playing was like a fleshy pink bassoon growing right out of my belly. When I blew into it, it tickled, and made me laugh out loud. Then Beethoven got very annoyed and crazy. He came right up to my face and yelled loudly in my ear, and then I woke up sweating. Of course, the loud noise was just the prison buzzer going brrrrr brrrrr brrrrr. It was a winter morning, and my eyes were all stuck together with sleep, and when I opened them they hurt in the bright electric light turned on all over the place. Then I looked down and saw that new guy lying on the floor, very bloody and bruised and still out cold. Then I remembered last night, and that made me laugh a bit.

But when I got off the bunk and moved him with my bare foot, there was a feeling of stiff coldness, so I went over to The Doctor’s bunk and shook him, as he was always slow to wake up in the morning. However, he got off his bunk quickly this time, and so did the others, except for Wall, who slept like a log. “Very unfortunate,” The Doctor said. “It must have been a heart attack.”

Then he looked around at us all and said, “You really shouldn’t have gone after him like that. It was really unwise.”

Jojohn replied, “Come on, Doc, you weren’t exactly innocent yourself when you gave him a sly punch.” Then Big Jew turned to me and said, “Alekth, you were too reckless. That last kick was very nasty.” I started to get annoyed about this and said, “Who started it, huh? I only stepped in at the end, didn’t I?” I pointed at Jojohn and said, “It was your idea.” Wall snored loudly, so I said, “Wake that lazy guy up. He kept talking while Big Jew here had him up against the bars.” The Doctor said, “No one will deny that having a little hit at the man, to teach him a lesson, so to speak, is acceptable, but it’s clear that you, my dear boy, with your youthful forcefulness and, shall I say, recklessness, dealt him the final blow. It’s a great pity.”

“Traitors,” I said. “Traitors and liars,” because I could see it was just like before, two years ago, when my so-called friends had left me to the brutal hands of the police. There was no trust anywhere in the world, I thought. And Jojohn went and woke up Wall, and Wall was all too ready to swear that it was I, Your Humble Narrator, who had done the real dirty work and brutality. When the guards came along, and then the Chief Guard, and then the Governor himself, all these cellmates of mine were very eager to share stories about what I’d done to take out this worthless pervert whose blood-covered body lay lifeless on the floor.

That was a very strange day. The dead body was carried away, and then everyone in the entire prison had to stay locked up until further notice, and no food was given out, not even a cup of hot tea. We just sat there, and the guards kept walking up and down the tier, occasionally shouting “Shut it” or “Close that hole” whenever they heard even a whisper from any of the cells.

At around eleven o’clock in the morning, there was a sudden tension and excitement, along with a sense of fear spreading from outside the cell. We saw the Governor and the Chief Officer, along with some very important-looking men, walking by quickly, talking loudly like they were crazy. They seemed to walk straight to the end of the tier, then we could hear them coming back, slower this time. I could hear the Governor, a very sweaty and plump fair-haired man, saying things like “But, sir—” and “Well, what can be done, sir?” and so on. Then they all stopped at our cell, and the Chief Officer opened it up. You could tell who the most important man was right away; he was very tall with blue eyes and wearing a really nice suit, the finest I had ever seen, absolutely stylish. He looked right through us poor guys and said, in a very polished and educated voice: “The Government can no longer be concerned with outdated prison theories. Putting criminals together and observing the outcome only leads to more crime amid punishment. Soon, we may need all our prison space for political prisoners.” I didn’t understand all this, but he wasn’t really talking to me. Then he continued: “Common criminals like this unpleasant group”—(meaning me as well as the others, who were indeed troublemakers)—“should be treated solely on a rehabilitative basis. Eliminate the criminal instincts, that’s all. We’ll fully implement this in a year. Punishment means nothing to them; they actually enjoy it. They start killing each other.” Then he fixed his stern blue eyes on me. So I boldly replied:

“With all due respect, sir, I strongly disagree with what you just said. I am not a common criminal, sir, and I am not unpleasant. The others may be, but I am not.” The Chief Officer turned red with anger and shouted:

“You shut your mouth! Don’t you know who this is?”

“All right, all right,” said the big man. Then he turned to the Governor and said: “You can use him as a test case. He’s young, bold, and violent. Brodsky will handle him tomorrow, and you can observe Brodsky at work. It will be effective; don’t worry about that. This vicious young criminal will be transformed completely.”

And those harsh words felt like the beginning of my freedom.

That very evening, I was dragged down gently by some rough thug enforcers to meet the Governor in his office. The Governor looked tired and said, “I don’t suppose you know who that was this morning, do you, 6655321?” Without waiting for my answer, he continued, “That was none other than the new Minister of the Interior, someone who’s very much into making changes. Well, these ridiculous new ideas have finally arrived, and orders are orders, even though I must say in confidence that I do not approve. I definitely do not approve. An eye for an eye, I say. If someone hits you, you hit back, right? So why shouldn’t the State, which is severely impacted by you violent hooligans, hit back too? But the new approach is to say no. The new idea is to turn the bad into the good. All of this seems grossly unfair to me, hmm?”

I tried to be respectful and accommodating and said, “Sir.” Then the Chief Enforcer, standing red-faced and burly behind the Governor’s chair, shouted, “Shut your filthy mouth, you scum.”

“Alright, alright,” said the tired Governor. “You, 6655321, are to be reformed. Tomorrow you will see this man Brodsky. It’s believed you’ll be able to leave State Custody in just over two weeks. In a little over two weeks, you’ll be back in the big free world, no longer just a number. I suppose,” he snorted a bit here, “that thought makes you happy?” I didn’t say anything, so the Chief Enforcer yelled, “Answer, you filthy young pig, when the Governor asks you something.” So I replied, “Oh, yes, sir. Thank you very much, sir. I’ve really tried my best here. I’m very grateful to everyone involved.”

“Don’t be,” sighed the Governor. “This is not a reward. This is far from a reward. Now, there’s a form here to sign. It states that you agree to have the remainder of your sentence changed to what’s called here, a ridiculous term, Reclamation Treatment. Will you sign?”

“Of course I will sign, sir. And thank you very much,” I said. They gave me a pen, and I signed my name smoothly. The Governor said, “Alright, that’s everything, I think.” The Chief Enforcer responded:

"The Prison Chaplain wants to talk to you, sir." So, I was taken out and led down the corridor toward the Wing Chapel, getting poked in the back and the head by one of the guards, but they did it in a very lazy and bored way. I was marched across the Wing Chapel to the small office of the chaplain and then told to go in. The chaplain was sitting at his desk, reeking of expensive cigarettes and Scotch. He said:

"Ah, little 6655321, please take a seat." And to the guards: "Wait outside, okay?" They did. Then he spoke to me very seriously, saying, "One thing I want you to understand, boy, is that this has nothing to do with me. If it were feasible, I would protest against it, but that’s not possible. There’s my own career to consider, and the weakness of my own voice compared to the pressure from more powerful forces in politics. Do I make myself clear?" He didn’t, but I nodded as if he did. "Very difficult ethical questions are involved," he continued. "You are going to be turned into a good boy, 6655321. You will never want to commit acts of violence or offend against the State's Peace again. I hope you understand that completely." I said:

"Oh, it will be nice to be good, sir." But inside, I was laughing at that, believe me. He said:

“It may not be pleasant to be good, little 6655321. It might even be terrible to be good. I realize how contradictory that sounds when I say it to you. I know I will have many sleepless nights thinking about this. What does God want? Does God want goodness or the choice to be good? Is a man who chooses to do wrong, in some ways, better than a man who has goodness forced upon him? These are deep and challenging questions, little 6655321. But all I want to say to you now is this: if at any time in the future you look back on these moments and remember me, the lowest and humblest of all God’s servants, please do not think poorly of me or believe I am in any way involved in what is about to happen to you. Now, speaking of prayer, I realize sadly that there will be little point in praying for you. You are moving now to a place where prayer cannot reach you. It is a truly awful thought. And yet, in a sense, by choosing to be deprived of the ability to make an ethical choice, you have in a way really chosen the good. At least, I would like to think so. So, God help us all, 6655321, I would like to think that.” Then he began to cry. I didn’t pay much attention to that, just having a quiet chuckle inside, because it was clear he had been drinking whisky. He took a bottle from a cupboard in his desk and poured himself a very large drink into a greasy glass. He downed it and said, “All may be well, who knows? God works in mysterious ways.” Then he began to sing a hymn loudly, with a rich voice. Just then, the guards came in to take me back to my dirty cell, but the old man kept singing his hymn.

Well, the next morning I had to say goodbye to the old Staja, and I felt a little sad as you always do when you have to leave a place you’ve gotten used to. But I didn’t go very far, my friends. I was pushed and kicked along to the new white building just beyond the yard where we used to exercise. This was a very new building, and it had a new, cold smell that gave me a bit of the shivers. I stood there in the ugly, bare hall and I got new smells, sniffing away with my very sensitive nose. These were like hospital smells, and the staff member who took me over was wearing a white coat, so he seemed like a hospital person. He signed for me, and one of the rough guards who brought me said, “Watch this one, sir. He’s been a real troublemaker and will be again, despite all his pretending to be nice to the Prison Chaplain and reading the Bible.” But this new guy had real bright blue eyes that smiled when he greeted me. He said:

“Oh, we don’t expect any trouble. We’re going to be friends, aren’t we?” And he smiled with his eyes and his big mouth full of shining white teeth, and I sort of took a liking to him right away. Anyway, he passed me on to a less senior guy in a white coat, and this one was very nice too, and I was led to a clean, nice bedroom with curtains and a bedside lamp, and just one bed in it, all for me. So I had a great internal laugh at that, thinking I was a very lucky young guy. I was told to take off my awful prison clothes and I was given a beautiful set of pajamas, my friends, in plain green, the height of bedtime fashion. And I was given a nice warm robe too and lovely slippers to put on my bare feet, and I thought, “Well, Alex boy, little 6655321 as I was, you’ve hit the jackpot, no doubt about it. You are really going to enjoy it here.”

After I had been given a nice cup of really good coffee and some old newspapers and magazines to look at while I drank it, this first guy in white came in, the one who had signed for me, and he said, “Aha, there you are,” a silly sort of thing to say but it didn’t sound silly, since he was so nice. “My name,” he said, “is Dr. Branom. I’m Dr. Brodsky’s assistant. With your permission, I'll just give you the usual brief overall examination.” And he took the stethoscope out of his pocket. “We must make sure you’re quite fit, mustn’t we? Yes indeed, we must.” So while I lay there with my pajama top off and he did this and that, I asked:

“What exactly are you going to do, sir?”

“Oh,” said Dr. Branom, his cold stethoscope sending a chill down my back, “it’s quite simple, really. We just show you some films.”

“Films?” I responded, feeling incredulous, as you can imagine. “You mean,” I said, “it will be just like going to the movies?”

“They’ll be special films,” Dr. Branom explained. “Very special films. You’ll have your first session this afternoon.” He stood up after leaning over me, “You seem to be quite a healthy young man. Maybe a bit undernourished, though. That’s probably due to the prison food. Put your pajama top back on. After every meal,” he said, sitting on the edge of the bed, “we’ll be giving you a shot in the arm. That should help.” I felt really grateful to Dr. Branom. I asked:

“Vitamins, sir, will it be?”

“Something like that,” he said, smiling warmly, “just a jab in the arm after every meal.” Then he left. I lay on the bed thinking how wonderful this was, reading some of the magazines they’d given me—‘Worldsport,’ ‘Sinny’ (a film magazine), and ‘Goal.’ Then I lay back on the bed, closed my eyes, and imagined how nice it would be to be out there again. I envisioned getting a nice, easy job during the day since I was now too old for my old lifestyle, and maybe even forming a new gang for the night. The first thing would be to get old Dim and Pete, if they hadn’t already been caught by the police. This time, I’d be very careful not to get caught. They were giving me another chance since I had committed murder and it wouldn’t be fair to get caught again after they had gone to all this trouble to show me films that would help me become a good person. I chuckled at everyone’s innocence, laughing hard when they brought my lunch on a tray. The guy who delivered it was the one who led me to this small bedroom when I arrived at the place, and he said:

“It’s nice to know somebody’s happy.” The meal they laid out on the tray looked really appetizing—two or three slices of hot roast beef with mashed potatoes and vegetables, plus ice cream and a nice hot cup of tea. There was even a cigarette and a matchbox with one match inside. This looked like the good life, my friends. Then, about half an hour later, while I was dozing on the bed, a female nurse came in, a very nice young woman with a great figure (I hadn’t seen anyone like that in two years) and she had a tray and a syringe. I said:

“Ah, the old vitamins, huh?” I clicked my tongue at her, but she ignored me. All she did was jab the needle into my left arm, and then the vitamin solution rushed in. After that, she left, her high heels clicking as she walked. Then the male nurse came in with a wheelchair. I was a little surprised to see that. I said:

“What’s going on, brother? I can walk just fine to wherever we need to go.” But he replied:

“Better if I push you there.” And indeed, when I got off the bed, I felt a bit weak. It was the malnutrition, like Dr. Branom had said—all that terrible prison food. But the vitamins from the injection would fix me up. I was sure of that.

Where I was wheeled to, brothers, was like no place I had ever seen before. True enough, one wall was completely covered with a silver screen, and directly opposite was a wall with square holes for the projector, and stereo speakers were placed all over the area. Against the right-hand side of the other wall was a bank of little meters, and in the middle of the floor facing the screen was something like a dentist’s chair, with wires running from it. I had to crawl from the wheelchair to that chair, with help from another male nurse in a white coat. Then I noticed that under the projection holes there was frosted glass, and I thought I saw shadows of people moving behind it. I thought I heard someone coughing. But then all I could feel was how weak I seemed to be, and I attributed that to switching from prison food to this new rich food and the vitamins I had just received. “Right,” said the nurse pushing the wheelchair, “I’ll leave you now. The show will start as soon as Dr. Brodsky arrives. Hope you enjoy it.” Honestly, brothers, I didn’t really feel like watching any movie that afternoon. I just wasn’t in the mood. I would have preferred a nice quiet nap on the bed, just resting in peace. I felt very exhausted.

What happened next was that a man in a white coat strapped my head to a kind of headrest, singing to himself an annoying pop song the whole time. “What’s this for?” I asked. He paused his song for a moment to explain that it was to keep my head still and make me look at the screen. “But,” I said, “I want to look at the screen. I’ve been brought here to watch films, and watch films I will.” Then another man in a white coat (there were three of them in total, one of whom was a woman sitting by a bank of meters and fiddling with knobs) laughed a bit at that.

He said:

“You never know. Oh, you never know. Trust us, friend. It’s better this way.” Then I noticed they were strapping my arms to the chair’s arms and my legs were stuck to a footrest. It seemed a bit crazy to me, but I let them continue what they wanted to do. If I was going to be a free young man again in two weeks, I would endure much in the meantime, my brothers. One thing I didn’t like, though, was when they put clips on my forehead so that my eyelids were pulled up and I couldn’t close my eyes no matter how hard I tried. I tried to laugh and said, “This must be a really scary film if you’re so eager for me to see it.” One of the men in white laughed back:

"Horrorshow is right, my friend. A real display of horrors." Then I felt something like a cap on my head, and I could see all the wires connected to it. They attached a suction pad to my stomach and one to my wrist, and I could barely see the wires running from those too. Then I heard the sound of a door opening, and it was clear that an important person was coming in, judging by how the staff in white coats became stiff. Then I saw Dr. Brodsky. He was a short, very fat man, with curly hair all over his head, and he had thick glasses perched on his nose. I noticed he was wearing a very stylish suit, and there was a faint, subtle smell of operating rooms coming from him. With him was Dr. Branom, smiling to give me confidence. "Everything ready?" Dr. Brodsky asked in a breathy voice. Then I could hear voices saying, "Right, right, right," from a distance, then getting closer, followed by a quiet humming sound, as if things were being activated. Then the lights went out, and there I was, sitting alone in the dark, completely paralyzed and unable to close my eyes or move at all. Suddenly, the film began with some intense atmospheric music coming from the speakers—a fierce and chaotic sound. The picture appeared on the screen, but there were no titles or credits. It showed a street that could have been any street in any town, on a really dark night, with the street lamps lit. It was a very well-produced piece, without the flickers and blurs you see when watching poor-quality films in someone's home on a back street. The eerie music continued to play. Then I saw an older man walking down the street, looking disoriented, and suddenly, two young men dressed in the latest fashion jumped out at him (still wearing skinny trousers but no cravat, more like a real tie), and they began to attack him. I could hear the screams and moans—very realistic—and even the heavy breathing of the two attacking boys. They really beat up this older man, pummeling him with their fists, ripping his clothes off, and finishing by kicking him until he was sprawled in the bloody red mud of the gutter before running off quickly. Then there was a close-up of the beaten man's face, and the blood flowed a bright red. It's strange how the colors of the real world seem more vivid when you see them on screen.

While I was watching this, I started to realize that I wasn’t feeling very well. I attributed it to not eating enough and my stomach not being ready for the rich food and vitamins I was getting here. But I tried to ignore it and focused on the next film, which began immediately, without any break. This time, the film showed a young woman being used by one man after another, screaming loudly through the speakers while sad, dramatic music played in the background. This felt very real, although if you thought about it, you couldn’t imagine people actually agreeing to participate in such a film. If these movies were produced by the authorities, it seemed unlikely they would allow these scenes without interference. So, it must have been very skillfully edited. It felt so real that when the sixth or seventh man appeared, grinning and then joining in while the woman screamed on the soundtrack like a mad person, I began to feel nauseous. I had pains all over, felt like I might throw up but couldn’t, and I was becoming distressed, stuck rigid in this chair. When that part of the film ended, I could hear Dr. Brodsky from the switchboard say, “Reaction about twelve point five? Promising, promising.”

Then we went straight into another clip, this one showing just a human face, a very pale face, being subjected to various horrible things. I was sweating a little from the pain in my stomach, feeling terribly thirsty, and my head was throbbing. It seemed to me that if I could not see this film, I might not feel so sick. But I couldn't close my eyes, and even if I tried to look away, I couldn't escape what was happening on screen. So I had to keep watching and listening to the awful sounds coming from this face. I knew it couldn't be real, but that didn’t make any difference. I was gagging but couldn’t be sick, watching as a razor cut out an eye, sliced down the cheek, and ripped all over, with blood splattering onto the camera lens. Then all the teeth were wrenched out with pliers, and the screams and blood were terrifying. Then I heard Dr. Brodsky's very pleased voice saying, “Excellent, excellent, excellent.”

The next piece of film showed an old woman who owned a shop being kicked around amid loud, mocking laughter by a group of young men. These young men vandalized the shop and then set it on fire. You could see this poor woman trying to escape the flames, screaming and crying out, but she couldn't move because her leg had been broken by the kicks from these men. Then the flames surrounded her, and you could see her anguished face as she seemed to reach out through the fire, only to disappear into it. You could hear the most horrible and agonizing screams that ever came from a human voice. Knowing I had to be sick, I yelled:

"I need to throw up. Please let me throw up. Please bring something for me to throw up into." But Dr. Brodsky called back:

"It's just your imagination. You have nothing to worry about. The next film is coming up." This may have been intended as a joke, as I heard a chuckle from the darkness. I was then forced to watch a really disturbing film about Japanese torture. It depicted the 1939–45 War, showing soldiers being nailed to trees, having fires lit beneath them, and having their genitals cut off. You even saw a soldier's head being sliced off with a sword, and as his head rolled away, blood sprayed out of his neck like a fountain. All the while, there was loud laughter from the Japanese soldiers. The pain in my stomach, along with my headache and thirst, was unbearable, and it felt like it was coming directly from the screen. So I shouted:

"Stop the film! Please, please stop it! I can't take any more." Then Dr. Brodsky's voice said:

"Stop it? Did you say stop? We’ve hardly even begun." And he and the others laughed loudly.

I do not want to describe, brothers, the other terrible things I was forced to see that afternoon. The minds of Dr. Brodsky and Dr. Branom and the others in white coats, along with this girl fiddling with the knobs and watching the meters, seemed more cruel and disgusting than any criminal in the prison itself. I never thought it was possible for anyone to even imagine making films of what I was forced to see, all tied to this chair with my eyes held wide open. All I could do was shout very loudly for them to turn it off, turn it off, and that plea drowned out the murmurs and movements and the music that accompanied it all. You can imagine it was a terrible relief when I saw the last bit of film, and Dr. Brodsky said in a tired and bored voice, “I think that should be enough for Day One, don’t you, Branom?” At that point, the lights were on, my head was throbbing like a huge engine causing pain, my mouth felt dry and horrible inside, and I felt I could throw up every single piece of food I had ever eaten, oh my brothers, since I was weaned. “All right,” said Dr. Brodsky, “he can be taken back to his bed.” Then he patted me on the shoulder and said, “Good, good. A very promising start,” grinning broadly, before waddling out, with Dr. Branom following him. But Dr. Branom gave me a very kind and sympathetic smile, as if he had nothing to do with all this and was just as much forced into it as I was.

Anyway, they freed my body from the chair and let go the skin above my eyes so that I could open and close them again. I closed them, oh my brothers, with the pain and throbbing in my head, and then I was put into an old wheelchair and taken back to my small bedroom. The orderly who wheeled me was singing some pop song, so I snarled, “Shut up,” but he just laughed and said, “Never mind, friend,” and sang louder. I was placed in bed and still felt sick but couldn’t sleep. However, I began to feel as if I might start feeling just a little bit better. Soon, I was brought some nice hot tea with plenty of milk and sugar, and drinking that made me realize that horrible nightmare was in the past and over. Then Dr. Branom came in, smiling pleasantly. He said:

“Well, by my calculations, you should be starting to feel all right again. Yes?”

“Sir,” I said cautiously. I didn’t quite understand what he was talking about with calculations, since getting better from feeling sick is a personal matter and has nothing to do with numbers. He sat down nicely on the edge of the bed and said:

“Dr. Brodsky is pleased with your progress. You had a very positive response. Tomorrow, of course, there will be two sessions, one in the morning and one in the afternoon, and I imagine you’ll be feeling quite exhausted by the end of the day. But we have to be tough on you; you need to be cured.” I said:

“You mean I have to sit through—? You mean I have to look at—? Oh, no,” I said. “It was awful.”

“Of course it was awful,” smiled Dr. Branom. “Violence is a terrible thing. That’s what you’re learning now. Your body is learning it.”

“But,” I said, “I don’t understand. I don’t understand why I felt sick like I did. I never used to feel sick before. I used to feel the exact opposite. I mean, whether I was doing it or watching it, I used to feel great. I just don’t understand why or how or what—”

“Life is a wonderful thing,” said Dr. Branom in a very serious voice. “The processes of life, the makeup of the human body, who can fully understand these miracles? Dr. Brodsky is, of course, an exceptional man. What is happening to you now is what should happen to any normal, healthy person contemplating the actions of evil, the workings of destruction. You are being made sane; you are being made healthy.”

“I won’t accept that,” I said, “and I can’t understand it at all. What you’ve been doing is making me feel very sick.”

“Do you feel sick now?” he asked, still wearing that familiar friendly smile. “Drinking tea, resting, having a quiet chat with a friend—surely you’re not feeling anything but well?”

I listened carefully, checking for pain and sickness in my head and body in a cautious way, but it was true, I felt really good and even hungry. “I don’t get it,” I said. “You must be doing something to me to make me feel sick.” And I frowned, thinking about that.

“You felt sick this afternoon,” he said, “because you’re getting better. When we are healthy, we respond to unpleasant situations with fear and nausea. You're becoming healthy, that’s all. You’ll feel even better this time tomorrow.” Then he patted me on the head and left, and I tried to make sense of it all as best I could. It seemed to me that the wires and other things attached to my body were making me feel sick, and that it was really just a trick. I was still trying to figure this out and wondering if I should refuse to be strapped to this chair tomorrow and start a real argument with them, because I had my rights, when another guy came in to see me. He was a smiling young man who said he was the Discharge Officer and he had a lot of papers with him. He asked:

“Where will you go when you leave here?” I hadn’t really thought about that at all, and it just started to sink in that I would soon be a free kid, but that would only happen if I played along and didn’t start any arguments or protests. I said:

“Oh, I’ll go home. Back to my parents.”

“Your—?” He didn’t understand my words at all, so I clarified:

“To my parents in our old apartment building.”

“I see,” he said. “And when did you last have a visit from your parents?”

“A month,” I replied, “almost. They suspended visiting days for a while because of one guy smuggling in gunpowder across the wires from his girlfriend. A really unfair trick to play on the innocent, punishing them too. So it’s been nearly a month since I had a visit.”

“I see,” said the man. “And have your parents been informed of your transfer and upcoming release?” That word ‘release’ sounded really nice. I said:

“No.” Then I added, “It will be a nice surprise for them, won’t it? Me just walking in the door and saying: ‘Here I am, back, a free man again.’ Yes, really great.”

“Right,” said the Discharge Officer, “let’s leave it at that. As long as you have somewhere to live. Now, we need to talk about getting you a job, don’t we?” He showed me a long list of jobs I could take, but I thought there would be plenty of time for that. A nice little holiday first. I could find a good job as soon as I got out and fill my pockets with money, but I would have to be very careful and do the job all on my own. I didn’t trust those so-called friends anymore. So I told this officer to give it some time, and we could discuss it again later. He agreed and got ready to leave. He was a rather strange guy, because then he started to giggle and asked, “Would you like to punch me in the face before I go?” I didn’t think I had heard him correctly, so I said:

“Eh?”

“Would you,” he chuckled, “like to punch me in the face before I go?” I frowned at that, confused, and asked:

“Why?”

“Oh,” he said, “just to see how you’re doing.” He leaned in closer with a big grin on his face. So I clenched my fist and went to hit him, but he quickly pulled back, still grinning, and I ended up just hitting air. This was very puzzling, and I frowned as he left, laughing. Then, I suddenly felt really sick again, just like in the afternoon, but only for a few minutes. It passed quickly, and when they brought my dinner, I found I had a good appetite and was ready to dig into the roast chicken. But it was strange that guy asking for a punch in the face. And it was odd to feel sick like that.

What was even funnier was that when I went to sleep that night, my brothers, I had a nightmare, and, as you might expect, it was one of those scenes I had seen in the afternoon. A dream or nightmare is really just like a movie playing in your head, except it feels as though you can step into it and be part of it. And that’s what happened to me. It was a nightmare of one of the scenes they showed me near the end of the afternoon session, all these laughing young guys acting violently towards a girl who was screaming in her blood, her clothes all torn to shreds. I was in this scene, laughing and acting like the leader, dressed in the height of teenage fashion. Then, at the peak of all this fighting and hitting, I suddenly felt paralyzed and like I was going to be sick, while all the other guys laughed loudly at me. Then I was struggling to wake up through my own blood, pints and quarts and gallons of it, and then I found myself back in my bed in this room. I wanted to be sick, so I got out of bed, all shaky, to head down the corridor to the bathroom. But, lo and behold, the door was locked. Turning around, I noticed for the first time that there were bars on the window. And so, as I reached for the small pot in the tiny cupboard beside the bed, I realized there would be no escaping any of this. Worse, I didn’t dare go back to my own sleeping mind. I soon found I didn’t want to be sick after all, but I was scared to get back into bed to sleep. But soon I fell deeply asleep and didn’t dream anymore.

“Stop it, stop it, stop it,” I kept screaming. “Turn it off, you cruel bastards, I can't take any more.” It was the next day, and I had really tried my best to cooperate in the morning and afternoon, sitting there like a smiling, obedient victim in their torture chair while they showed me disturbing scenes of extreme violence on the screen. My eyes were forced open to see everything, and my body was strapped to the chair so I couldn't escape. What I was being forced to watch wasn't something I would have thought was too bad before; it was just three or four kids robbing a store and filling their pockets with stolen goods, while at the same time messing with the terrified shopkeeper, hitting her and letting the blood flow. But the pounding in my head, the feeling of nausea, and the terrible dryness in my throat were worse than yesterday. “Oh, I’ve had enough!” I shouted. “It’s not fair, you filthy bastards,” and I tried to struggle out of the chair, but I was stuck.

“Great job,” Dr. Brodsky said. “You’re doing really well. Just one more, and then we’re done.”

What I had to watch now was footage from the 1939-45 War again, and it was a very shaky, poor-quality film that looked like it was made by the Germans. It opened with German eagles and the Nazi flag, which had that crooked cross that all kids at school love to draw. Then there were arrogant German officers walking through streets filled with dust, bomb craters, and ruined buildings. Next, I saw people being shot against walls, officers giving orders, and also horrible bodies left lying in gutters, appearing like cages of bare ribs and thin legs. Then I saw people being dragged away, screaming, although there was no sound of their cries—only music played in the background. In all my pain and sickness, I realized what the music was—it was Ludwig van Beethoven, the last movement of the Fifth Symphony, and I screamed in anguish at that. “Stop!” I yelled. “Stop, you disgusting bastards. This is a sin, that’s what it is, a filthy unforgivable sin, you monsters!” They didn’t stop right away because there were just one or two minutes left—people being beaten and bloodied, then more firing squads, then the Nazi flag and THE END. But when the lights came on, Dr. Brodsky and Dr. Branom were standing in front of me, and Dr. Brodsky asked:

“What’s all this about sin, huh?”

“That,” I said, feeling very sick, “using Ludwig van like that. He never harmed anyone. Beethoven just wrote music.” Then I felt even worse, and they had to bring a bowl that looked like a kidney.

“Music,” said Dr. Brodsky, thinking aloud. “So you like music. I don’t know much about it myself. All I know is that it can really enhance emotions. Well, what do you think about that, eh, Branom?”

“It can’t be helped,” Dr. Branom replied. “As the poet-prisoner said, each man kills the thing he loves. Maybe this is part of the punishment. The Governor should be satisfied.”

“Give me a drink,” I said, “for goodness’ sake.”

“Loosen him up,” Dr. Brodsky ordered. “Get him a carafe of ice-cold water.” Then the staff got to work, and soon I was drinking gallons and gallons of water, and it felt amazing. Dr. Brodsky said:

“You seem like a smart young man. You also seem to have some taste. But you’ve got this issue with violence, haven’t you? Violence and theft, since theft is a form of violence.” I didn’t say a word, as I was still feeling ill, though a little better now. But it had been a terrible day. “Now then,” said Dr. Brodsky, “how do you think this is done? Tell me, what do you think we’re doing to you?”

“You’re making me feel sick. I feel ill looking at those filthy pervert films of yours. But it’s not really the films that are causing it. I think if you stop showing those films, I'll stop feeling sick.”

“Right,” said Dr. Brodsky. “It’s all about association, the oldest teaching method. But what really makes you feel sick?”

“These filthy things that come out of my head and my body,” I said, “that’s what it is.”

“Interesting,” said Dr. Brodsky, smiling. “Do you know where that dialect comes from, Branom?”

“Odd bits of old rhyming slang,” Dr. Branom said, looking less friendly. “A bit of gypsy talk, too. But most of the roots are Slavic. Propaganda. Subliminal messaging.”

“All right, all right,” said Dr. Brodsky, sounding impatient and uninterested. “Well,” he said to me, “it’s not the wires. It has nothing to do with what’s attached to you. Those are just to measure your reactions. So, what is it?”

I suddenly realized how incredibly foolish I was not to notice that it was the hypodermic shots in my arm.

“Oh,” I exclaimed, “oh, now I understand. A dirty trick. A betrayal, and you won’t do it again.”

“I’m glad you’ve raised your objections now,” said Dr. Brodsky. “Now we can be perfectly clear about it. We can introduce Ludovico’s treatment into your system in many different ways. Orally, for example. But the subcutaneous method is the best. Please don’t resist. There’s no point in fighting. You can’t win against us.”

“Damn it,” I said, somewhat whiny. Then I added: “I can handle the violence and all that. I put up with it. But it’s not fair to the music. It’s not fair that I should feel ill when I’m enjoying lovely Ludwig van and G. F. Handel and others. That shows you’re a terrible bunch, and I’ll never forgive you.”

They both looked a bit thoughtful. Then Dr. Brodsky said: “Defining boundaries is always hard. The world is one; life is one. The sweetest and most beautiful of activities contain some element of violence—like love, for example; or music. You must take your chances, boy. The choice has always been yours.” I didn’t understand all these words, but I replied:

“You don’t need to carry on, sir.” I had adjusted my tone a bit in a clever way. “You’ve shown me that all this fighting and violence is wrong—really wrong. I’ve learned my lesson, sirs. I see things now in a way I never did before. I’m healed, thank God.” I raised my eyes to the ceiling in a kind of holy way. But both doctors shook their heads sadly, and Dr. Brodsky said:

“You’re not healed yet. There’s still a lot to do. Only when your body reacts immediately and forcefully to violence, like a snake, without any further help from us or medication, only then—” I interrupted:

“But, sir, I understand that it’s wrong. It’s wrong because it goes against society; it’s wrong because everyone has the right to live and be happy without being harmed or hurt. I’ve learned a lot, truly I have.”

But Dr. Brodsky laughed loudly, revealing all his white teeth, and said:

“The heresy of an age of reason,” or something like that. “I see what is right and agree, but I still do what is wrong. No, no, my boy, you must leave everything to us. But be optimistic about it. It will all end soon. In less than two weeks, you’ll be a free man.” Then he patted me on the shoulder.

Less than two weeks ago, my brothers and friends, it felt like a lifetime. It was as if time stretched from the beginning of the world to its end. Completing the fourteen years in the Staja would have been nothing compared to this. Every day felt the same. When the nurse with the syringe came around, four days after my conversation with Dr. Brodsky and Dr. Branom, I said, “Oh, no you won’t,” and hit her on the arm, making the syringe clatter to the floor. That was a way to know what they would do. What they did was have four or five really aggressive doctors hold me down on the bed, pressing their grinning faces close to mine, while the nurse said, “You naughty little devil,” and jabbed my arm with another syringe, forcefully injecting me with something unpleasant. Then I was wheeled off, exhausted, to that hellish place as before.

Every day, my brothers, those films were the same, full of kicking and violence, with bright red blood dripping off faces and bodies, splattering all over the camera lenses. It usually featured grinning kids in a trendy style, or laughing Japanese torturers or brutal Nazi soldiers. Each day, my desire to escape this pain and the awful aches in my head and body grew worse. Until one morning, I tried to fight back by bashing my head against the wall, hoping to knock myself unconscious, but all I realized was that this kind of violence mirrored the violence in the films, leaving me just exhausted. I was given the injection and wheeled off as before.

Then one morning, I woke up, had my breakfast of eggs, toast, and jam, along with very hot milky tea, and thought, “It can’t be much longer now. The end must be very near. I have suffered enough and can’t take any more.” I waited for the nurse to bring the syringe, but she did not come. Then the doctor came in and said:

“Today, my friend, we are letting you walk.”

“Walk?” I asked. “Where?”

“To the usual place,” he replied. “Yes, yes, don’t look so surprised. You’re walking to the films; I’ll go with you, of course. You’re no longer being carried in a wheelchair.”

“But,” I said, “what about my horrible morning injection?”

I was genuinely surprised, given how eager they were to force this treatment on me. “Am I not getting that awful stuff injected into my poor arm anymore?”

“All over,” this man said. “Forever and ever, amen. You’re on your own now, boy. Walking alone to the chamber of horrors. But you still have to be strapped down and made to watch. Come on then, my little tiger.” So, I had to put on my hospital gown and shoes and walk down the corridor to the cinema.

This time, my brothers, I was not only very sick but also very confused. There it was again, all the old extreme violence, with people having their heads smashed and blood dripping everywhere, begging for mercy, along with individual acts of cruelty. Then there were the prison camps and the Jews, and the grey foreign streets filled with tanks and soldiers, as people were falling under the relentless gunfire—this was the public side of it. This time, I could only blame what I was forced to watch for how sick and thirsty I felt, my eyes still being held open and my legs and body fixed to the chair, but the wires and other things no longer connected to me. So what could it be but the films I was watching that were making me feel this way? Except, of course, brothers, that this Ludovico treatment was like a vaccination, and it was lingering in my blood, causing me to feel sick forever and ever, amen, whenever I saw any of this extreme violence. So now I closed my mouth and cried, and the tears blurred my vision of what I was forced to see, resembling silver droplets. But the white-coated attendants hurried over with tissues to wipe away my tears, saying, “There, there, don’t be so weepy now.” And there it was again, clear before my eyes, Germans pushing pleading and weeping Jews—men, women, and children—into areas where they would all die from poison gas. I had to cry again, and they came to wipe away the tears, very sorry, so I wouldn’t miss a single moment of what they were showing. It was a terrible and horrifying day, my brothers and only friends.

I was lying on the bed all alone that night after my dinner of rich mutton stew, fruit pie, and ice cream, and I thought to myself, "There might be a chance for me if I get out now." I had no weapon, though. I wasn’t allowed to have one here, and I had been shaved every other day by a fat bald man who came to my bed before breakfast, with two nurses standing by to make sure I was a good, non-violent boy. My nails had been cut and filed so short that I couldn’t scratch. But I was still ready to attack, even though they had worn me down to a mere shadow of who I had been in my old, free days. So I got off the bed and went to the locked door and started banging on it hard, shouting at the same time, “Oh, help, help. I’m sick, I’m dying. Doctor, doctor, quick. Please. Oh, I’ll die, I will. Help.” My throat was really dry and sore by the time anyone came. Then I heard footsteps coming down the corridor and a grumbling voice, and then I recognized the voice of the nurse who brought me food and escorted me to my daily fate.

He grumbled, “What is it? What’s going on? What’s your little game in there?”

“Oh, I’m dying,” I moaned. “I have a terrible pain in my side. It’s appendicitis, ohhhh.”

“Appendix nonsense,” the nurse grumbled, and to my joy, I could hear the clank of keys. “If you’re trying something, my friends and I will beat you all through the night.” Then he opened the door and brought in the fresh air that promised my freedom. I was behind the door when he pushed it open, and I could see him in the corridor light looking around for me, puzzled. Then I raised my fists to hit him on the neck, and as I saw him in advance falling and moaning, I felt a surge of joy. But then a wave of sickness washed over me, and I felt a horrible fear as if I was really going to die. I staggered back to the bed, groaning, and the nurse, who wasn’t in his white coat but in an over-gown, clearly saw what I had in mind. He said:

“Well, everything’s a lesson, isn’t it? We’re always learning. Come on, little friend, get up from that bed and hit me. I want you to, really. Just a good punch across the jaw. Oh, I’m looking forward to it, I really am.” But all I could do, brothers, was lie there sobbing. “Scum,” sneered this guy. “Filth.” He pulled me up by the collar of my pajamas, me being very weak and limp, and he raised his fist and hit me hard right on the face. “That,” he said, “is for getting me out of bed, you young dirt.” Then he wiped his hands against each other and walked out. I heard the key turn in the lock.

And what I had to escape into sleep from then was the horrible and wrong feeling that it was better to take the hit than to give it. If that guy had stayed, I might even have offered him the other cheek.

I could not believe what I was being told. It seemed I had been in that dirty place for what felt like forever and would be there for much longer. But it had always been for a fortnight, and now they said the fortnight was almost up. They said:

“Tomorrow, little friend, you’re getting out.” And they pointed toward freedom. Then the guy in the white coat who had hit me and who still brought me my meals and took me to my daily torment said, “But you still have one big day ahead of you. It’s your graduation day,” and he had a creepy smile when he said that.

I expected that this morning I would be heading as usual to the movie place in my pajamas and slippers and robe. But no. This morning, I was given my shirt and underwear and my trousers from the night and my nice boots, all cleaned and polished. I was even given my razor that I had used in those old happy days for grooming and cutting. So I looked puzzled as I got dressed, but the guy in the white coat just grinned and wouldn’t say anything, brothers.

I was kindly led back to the same old place, but things had changed. Curtains had been drawn in front of the screen, and the frosted glass under the projection holes was gone, perhaps pushed up or pulled to the sides like blinds. Where there used to be just the sound of coughing and shadows of people was now a real audience, and some familiar faces were among them. There was the Governor, a holy man called Charlie, the Chief of Police, and an important-looking man who was the Minister of the Interior. I didn’t recognize the others. Dr. Brodsky and Dr. Branom were there, but instead of white coats, they wore stylish outfits. Dr. Branom just stood there, but Dr. Brodsky stood and spoke in an educated manner to everyone gathered. When he saw me come in, he said:

“Aha. At this point, gentlemen, we introduce the subject himself. He is, as you will see, healthy and well-fed. He comes straight from a night’s sleep and a good breakfast, undrugged, unhypnotized. Tomorrow, we will send him back into the world, a decent young man like you would meet on a beautiful May morning, ready to help others. What a change from the miserable hoodlum the State sent away for punishment two years ago, unchanged for all that time. Unchanged, I say? Not exactly. Prison taught him how to fake a smile and be hypocritical. It also reinforced other bad habits he already had. But gentlemen, enough talk. Actions speak louder. Now, observe.”

I was a bit stunned by all the talking and trying to understand that this was all about me. Then the lights went out, and two spotlights lit up from the projection screens. One spotlight was aimed directly at me, Your Humble and Suffering Narrator. The other spotlight revealed a big, bold man I had never seen before. He had a fat face, a mustache, and strips of hair stuck to his nearly bald head. He looked to be around thirty, forty, or fifty, some age like that, very noticeable. He walked up to me, and the spotlight followed him, soon creating one large beam of light. He said to me, very mockingly: “Hello, you pile of dirt. Ugh, you don’t clean yourself much, judging by the awful smell.” Then, as if he were dancing, he stomped on my feet, left and right, and then flicked my nose with his fingernail, which hurt terribly and brought tears to my eyes. He twisted my left ear as if it were a radio dial. I could hear laughter from the audience. My nose, feet, and ear stung painfully, so I said:

“What did I ever do to you? I’ve never wronged you, man.”

“Oh,” he said, “I do this”—flicks my nose again—“and that”—twists my ear—“and the other”—stomps on my right foot—“because I don’t like your kind. And if you want to do something about it, go ahead, please do.” I knew I had to be quick and get my knife out before this horrible feeling turned into the dread of knowing I might die. But, oh, as my hand reached for the knife in my pocket, I got this image in my mind of this disrespectful man crying for mercy with blood streaming from his mouth. Right after that, the sickness and dryness rushed to overtake me, and I realized I’d have to change how I felt about this awful guy very quickly. I searched my pockets for cigarettes or money, but, oh my friends, I found neither. I said, feeling very upset:

“I’d like to give you a cigarette, man, but I don’t have any.” The man replied:

“Wah wah. Boo hoo. Cry, baby.” Then he flicked my nose again, and I could hear loud laughter from the dark audience. I said, feeling desperate and trying to be nice to this insulting and hurtful guy to make the pain go away:

“Please let me do something for you, please.” I searched my pockets but could only find my razor, so I took it out and gave it to him, saying, “Please take this. It’s a little gift. Please accept it.” But he replied, “Keep your disgusting bribes to yourself. You can’t win me over like that.” He pushed me aside, and my razor fell to the floor. So I said:

“Please, I have to do something. Should I clean your boots? Look, I’ll get down and lick them.” And, believe me, I got on my knees and stuck my tongue out far to lick his filthy boots. But all he did was give me a light kick in the backside. Then I thought it wouldn’t hurt to grab his ankles tightly and pull him down to the floor. So I did that, and he was really surprised as he fell, with laughter coming from the dirty crowd. But as I saw him on the floor, I felt a wave of sickness wash over me, so I offered my hand to help him up quickly, and up he came. Just as he was about to hit me hard in the face, Dr. Brodsky said:

“All right, that will be enough.” Then this horrible man bowed and danced away like an actor as the lights came up on me, blinking and ready to cry. Dr. Brodsky addressed the audience: “Our subject is, as you can see, driven toward good by the need to confront evil. The urge to act violently is accompanied by intense feelings of physical discomfort. To cope with this, the subject must adopt a completely opposite attitude. Any questions?”

“Choice,” rumbled a rich, deep voice. I saw it belonged to the prison guard. “He doesn’t have any real choice, does he? Self-interest, the fear of pain, drove him to that absurd act of humiliation. Its insincerity was obvious. He stops being a wrongdoer. He also stops being someone capable of making moral choices.”

“These are subtleties,” Dr. Brodsky smiled. “We aren’t focused on motives or higher ethics. We’re only concerned with reducing crime—”

“And,” chimed in a well-dressed Minister, “with easing the terrible overcrowding in our prisons.”

“Hear, hear,” someone said.

There was a lot of talking and arguing then, and I just stood there, brothers, completely ignored by all these ignorant people, so I shouted out:

“Me, me, me. What about me? Where do I fit into all this? Am I just some animal or dog?” And that got everyone yelling loudly and throwing words at me. So I shouted even louder, repeating: “Am I just supposed to be like a clockwork orange?” I didn’t know why I used those words, which just popped into my head. For some reason, it silenced everyone for a minute or two. Then a very thin, scholarly type of guy stood up, his neck looking like it was full of wires connecting his head to his body, and he said:

“You have no reason to complain, boy. You made your choice, and everything that follows is a result of that choice. Whatever happens now is what you have chosen.” And the prison officer shouted:

“Oh, if only I could believe that.” You could see the Governor give him a look that suggested he wouldn’t rise as high in Prison Religion as he thought. Then loud arguing started again, and I could hear the word “Love” being tossed around, with the prison staff yelling about how “Perfect Love Casts Out Fear” and all that. Then Dr. Brodsky said, smiling broadly:

“I’m pleased, gentlemen, that this question of Love has come up. Now we will witness a type of Love that was thought to have disappeared with the Middle Ages.” Then the lights dimmed and the spotlights came on again, one shining on me, the poor and suffering Narrator, and the other focused on the most beautiful young woman you could ever hope to see in your life. She had an amazing figure, dressed in clothes that hugged her body. Her legs were like something divine, and she walked in a way that made you feel a deep longing, yet her face was sweet and innocent. She approached me with a light that felt like heavenly grace, and the first thought that crossed my mind was that I wanted her right there on the floor. But suddenly, a wave of sickness hit me, like a detective who had been lurking and now moved in for an ugly arrest. The beautiful fragrance from her made me feel nauseous, so I knew I had to find a different way to think about her before all the pain and sickness overwhelmed me. So I shouted:

“O most beautiful girl, I lay my heart at your feet for you to walk all over. If I had a rose, I would give it to you. If it were raining and muddy outside, I would give you my shoes to walk on so your delicate feet wouldn’t get dirty.” As I said all this, my friends, I could feel my sickness retreating. “Let me,” I shouted, “worship you and be your helper and protector from this cruel world.” Then I found the right words and felt better, saying: “Let me be your true knight,” and I sank down to my knees, bowing and scraping.

Then I felt really foolish again, as this girl smiled, bowed to the audience, and danced off, the lights coming up to some applause. A few men in the audience were looking at her with desire, my friends.

“He will be your true Christian,” Dr. Brodsky was shouting, “ready to turn the other cheek, willing to be crucified rather than crucifying, sick to his very core at even the thought of killing a fly.” And that was true, because when he said that, I imagined killing a fly and felt a bit sick, but I pushed that feeling back by thinking of the fly being fed bits of sugar and cared for like a beloved pet. “Reclamation,” he shouted. “Joy before the Angels of God.”

“The point is,” the Minister of the Interior was stating loudly, “that it works.”

“Oh,” the prison officer sighed, “it works, alright. God help us all.”

---

Part Three

1

“What’s it going to be then?”

That was me asking myself the next morning, standing outside a white building attached to the old prison, wearing the shoes from two years ago in the gray light of dawn, with a little bag containing my few personal belongings and some money graciously given by the authorities to help me start my new life.

The rest of the previous day had been very tiring, with interviews recorded for the news and constant flashes from cameras capturing moments of me breaking down in the face of extreme violence, which was quite embarrassing. After that, I had collapsed into bed, only to be awakened and told to leave, that they didn't want to see me anymore. So there I was, very early in the morning, jingling some loose change in my left hand and wondering:

“What’s next?”

I thought about getting some breakfast since I hadn’t eaten at all that morning; everyone was eager to push me out to freedom. I had only managed to drink a cup of tea. This prison was in a rather gloomy part of town, but I quickly found a small café nearby. It was dark and run-down, with a single light bulb covered in dirt, and there were early risers slurping down tea and eating unappetizing sausages and slices of bread, gobbling them up and then asking for more. They were served by a rather attractive girl, but some of the men tried to grab her, laughing in a crude way while she giggled back, which nearly made me feel sick. However, I politely ordered some toast, jam, and tea in a quiet voice, then sat in a dark corner to eat and drink.

While I was doing this, a small dwarf of a man walked in selling the morning newspapers, a twisted and unpleasant type wearing thick glasses with steel rims, his clothes the color of a faded, spoiled dessert. I bought a newspaper, hoping to prepare myself for returning to normal life by seeing what was happening in the world. This newspaper seemed to be a government publication since the only news on the front page was about the need for everyone to vote the Government back into power in the upcoming General Election, which was only a couple of weeks away. There were very boastful words about what the Government had achieved in the last year or so, including increased exports, an impressive foreign policy, and improved social services. But what the Government was really proud of was that they had supposedly made the streets safer for all peaceful night-walkers over the last six months, thanks to better pay for the police and tougher actions against young troublemakers, offenders, and burglars. This caught my interest quite a bit. 

On the second page of the newspaper, there was a blurry photograph of someone who looked very familiar, and it turned out to be me. I looked very gloomy and scared, but that was mostly due to the flashing lights of the cameras. Underneath my picture, it said that I was the first graduate from the new State Institute for Reclamation of Criminal Types, cured of my criminal instincts in just two weeks, now a good, law-abiding citizen. Then I saw a very boastful article about this Ludovico’s Technique and how clever the Government was. There was another picture of a man I thought I recognized, and it was the Minister of the Interior. He seemed to be boasting about looking forward to a crime-free future with no more cowardly attacks from young troublemakers, offenders, and burglars. So I let out a frustrated noise and threw the newspaper on the floor, covering up the stains from spilled tea and the nasty mess left by the animals that had used the café.

“What’s it going to be then, huh?”

What it was going to be now, brothers, was going home and surprising Dad and Mom, their only son back in the family fold. Then I could relax on the bed in my own small room and listen to some lovely music, while thinking about what to do with my life. The Discharge Officer had given me a long list of jobs I could try for the day before, and he had called different people about me, but I had no intention, my brothers, of rushing off to work right away. A little rest first, yes, and a quiet think on the bed to the sound of lovely music.

So I took the bus to the city center, and then the bus to Kingsley Avenue, with the flats of Flatblock 18A nearby. You will believe me, my brothers, when I say that my heart was racing with excitement. It was very quiet, it still being early on a winter morning, and when I stepped into the hallway of the apartment building there was no one around, only the hard-working people and the children of the Dignity of Labor. What surprised me, brothers, was how clean it was; there were no longer any dirty writings from the workers, nor any obscene drawings added by mischief-makers. What also surprised me was that the elevator was working. It came down smoothly when I pressed the button, and when I got in I was surprised again to see that it was clean inside.

So I went up to the tenth floor, and there I saw apartment 10-8 as it had been before, and my hand trembled as I took out the little key I had for opening up. But I firmly fitted the key in the lock and turned it, then opened the door and went in. There I found three pairs of surprised and almost frightened eyes looking at me. It was Dad and Mom having their breakfast, but there was also another man I had never seen in my life before, a big, thick man in his shirt and suspenders, comfortably slurping his milky tea and munching on his egg and toast. And it was this stranger who spoke first, saying:

“Who are you, friend? Where did you get a key? Get out before I punch you. First, knock. Explain what you want, quickly.”

My dad and mum sat there like they were frozen, and I could tell they hadn’t read the newspaper yet. I then remembered that it hadn’t arrived until my dad had left for work. But then mum said, “Oh, you’ve escaped. What are we going to do? We’ll have the police here. Oh, you bad boy, embarrassing us like this.” And, believe it or not, she started to cry. So I tried to explain that they could call the police if they wanted, and all the while this stranger sat there frowning, looking like he could punch me hard. So I said:

“How about you answer a few questions? What are you doing here and for how long? I didn’t like your tone just now. Watch it. Come on, speak up.” He was a rough-looking guy, very unattractive, about thirty or forty, and he just sat there with his mouth open, not saying a word. Then my dad said:

“This is all a bit confusing, son. You should have told us you were coming. We thought it would be at least another five or six years before they released you. Not,” he said, sounding very gloomy, “that we’re not happy to see you again and now a free man.”

“Who is this?” I asked. “Why can’t he say anything? What’s happening here?”

“This is Joe,” my mum said. “He lives here now. He’s the lodger. Oh dear, oh dear,” she added.

“You,” Joe said. “I’ve heard all about you, boy. I know what you’ve done, breaking your poor parents' hearts. So you’re back, huh? Back to make their lives miserable again? Over my dead body, because they’ve let me be more like a son to them than just a lodger.” I could have laughed out loud at that if the anger inside me hadn’t started to rise, because this guy looked about the same age as my parents, and there he was, trying to comfort my crying mum.

"So," I said, feeling close to tears myself. "So that’s it, then. Well, I’m giving you five minutes to clear all your horrible stuff out of my room." I headed toward the room, this guy a little too slow to stop me. When I opened the door, my heart sank to the floor because it didn’t look like my room at all. All my flags were gone from the walls, and this guy had put up pictures of boxers and a team sitting smug with their arms crossed and a shiny shield in front of them. Then I noticed what else was missing. My stereo and my record cabinet were gone, along with my locked treasure chest that had bottles, drugs, and two clean syringes.

"There’s been some terrible stuff going on here," I shouted. "What have you done with my personal belongings, you horrible jerk?" I directed this at Joe, but my dad answered, saying:

"All of that was taken away by the police, son. There’s a new regulation about compensation for the victims."

I found it hard not to feel sick, but my head was pounding, and I was so dry that I had to take a quick swig from the milk bottle on the table, prompting Joe to say, "That’s disgusting."

I replied, "But she died. That one died."

"It was the cats, son," my dad said sadly. "They were left without anyone to care for them until the will was read, so they had to bring someone in to feed them. The police sold your things, clothes and all, to help take care of them. That’s the law, son. But you never did care much for the law."

I had to sit down then, and Joe said, "Ask permission before you sit, you rude little brat," so I snapped back, "Shut your mouth, will you?" feeling sick. Then I tried to stay calm and smile for my health’s sake, saying, "Well, that’s my room, no doubt about it. This is my home too. What do you suggest, my parents?" But they just looked very glum, my mom shaking a bit, her face lined and wet with tears. My dad said:

"All this needs some thought, son. We can’t just kick Joe out right away, can we? I mean, Joe's here doing a job, a two-year contract, and we made an arrangement, didn’t we, Joe? I thought you were going to be in prison for a long time and that room would be empty." You could see he felt a bit ashamed. So, I just smiled and nodded.

"I see everything. You got used to a little peace and a bit of extra money. That’s how it is. And your son has been nothing but a real problem." Then, my brothers, believe me or not, I started to cry, feeling very sorry for myself. So my dad said:

"Well, you see, son, Joe has already paid next month’s rent. Whatever we do in the future, we can’t tell Joe to leave, can we, Joe?" Joe replied:

"It’s you two I have to think of, who’ve been like parents to me. Would it be right or fair to leave you alone with this young monster who hasn’t acted like a real son? He’s crying now, but that’s just his trickery. Let him find a place to stay. Let him learn from his mistakes and realize that someone like him doesn’t deserve such good parents as you."

"Fine," I said, standing up with tears still in my eyes. "I understand how things are now. No one wants or loves me. I’ve suffered and everyone wants me to keep suffering. I get it."

"You’ve made others suffer," Joe said. "It’s only fair that you suffer too. I’ve heard everything you’ve done, sitting at the family table at night, and it was shocking to listen to. It really made me sick."

"I wish," I said, "I could go back to prison. Dear old prison. I’m leaving now," I said. "You won’t see me again. I’ll make my own way, thank you very much. Let your guilt weigh on you." My dad said:

"Don’t take it like that, son," and my mom just cried, her face all twisted up, and Joe put his arm around her again, comforting her like a crazy person. So I just kind of staggered to the door and went out, leaving them with their awful guilt, oh my brothers.

Walking down the street in a sort of aimless manner, brothers, wearing these clothes that onlookers stared at as I passed, I felt cold, it being a very chilly winter day. All I wanted was to get away from it all and not have to think about anything at all. So, I took the bus to the center, then walked back to Taylor Place, and there was the record store ‘MELODIA’—which I used to frequent, my brothers. It looked much the same as it always had. When I walked in, I expected to see old Andy there, that bald and very thin helpful guy from whom I used to buy records. But Andy was not there, only a loud bunch of teenagers listening to some terrible pop song and dancing to it, and the guy behind the counter was not much older than them, clicking his knuckles and laughing like a madman. So, I stood there until he finally noticed me, then I said:

“I’d like to hear a record of Mozart’s Symphony Number Forty.” I don’t know why that popped into my head, but it did.

The guy at the counter said, “Forty what, friend?”

I replied, “Symphony. Symphony Number Forty in G Minor.”

“Ooooh,” said one of the dancing teens, a guy with messy hair, “seemfunnah. Isn’t it funny? He wants a seemfunnah.”

I could feel myself getting really irritated inside, but I had to control it, so I smiled at the guy who had taken over Andy’s place and at all the dancing and shouting teens. This guy behind the counter said, “You can go into that listening booth over there, friend, and I’ll play something for you.”

I went over to the small booth where I could browse the discs I wanted to buy, and then this guy put a disc on for me, but it wasn’t the Mozart Forty; it was the Mozart ‘Prague’—he seemed to have just grabbed any Mozart he could find on the shelf. That should have started to make me really angry, and I had to hold that back for fear of the pain and sickness that would follow. What I had forgotten, and shouldn’t have, was that these doctors had messed with me so that any emotional music would make me sick, just like watching or wanting to commit violence. It was because all those violent movies had music with them. I particularly remembered that awful Nazi film with the last movement of Beethoven’s Fifth. And now here was beautiful Mozart turned terrible. I dashed out of the shop with those kids laughing after me and the cashier shouting, “Hey, hey, hey!” But I ignored them and stumbled almost blindly across the road and around the corner to the Korova Milkbar. I knew exactly what I wanted.

The café was nearly empty since it was still morning. It looked strange, painted with red cows, and there was no server I recognized behind the counter. But when I said, “Milk plus, large,” the guy with a freshly shaved face knew exactly what I wanted. I took the large milk to one of the small booths around the café, which had curtains to separate them from the main area. I sat down in a comfy chair and started sipping. Once I finished the whole thing, I began to feel like something was happening. My eyes were fixed on a small piece of shiny silver paper from a cigarette packet on the floor, as the place hadn’t been cleaned very well. This scrap of silver started to grow and get brighter and brighter, so much that I had to squint at it. It got so big that it filled not only the booth I was in but the entire café, the whole street, the whole city. Then it became the whole world, and then it encompassed everything, flooding over every object that had ever existed or been thought of. I could almost see myself making special kinds of movements and speaking words like “Dear dead ancestors, do not rot in different forms” and that sort of thing. Then I felt the vision intensifying in all this silver, with colors unlike anything I had ever seen before. I could see a group of statues far off that seemed to be getting closer, illuminated by a bright light from above and below. This group was of God and all His Holy Angels and Saints, shining like bronze, with beards and huge wings that fluttered in a kind of wind, making them seem not entirely made of stone or bronze, and their eyes moved and were alive. These large figures came nearer and nearer until they seemed ready to crush me, and I could hear myself making a sound like “Eeeeee.” I felt as though I had shed everything—clothes, body, mind, name, everything—and felt truly wonderful, like I was in heaven. Then there was a sound like crumbling, and God with the Angels and Saints seemed to shake their heads at me, as if to say that there wasn’t quite enough time but I should try again. Then everything grinned and collapsed, and the warm light turned cold, and suddenly I was back to where I started, with the empty glass on the table, feeling like crying, and thinking that death was the only answer to everything.

And that was it; I clearly saw what I needed to do, but I didn’t really know how to go about it, having never thought of that before, my brothers. In my small bag of personal things, I had my razor, but I immediately felt sick at the thought of cutting myself and all my own red blood flowing out. What I wanted was not something violent, but something that would allow me to just drift off gently to sleep and be done with it, no longer a burden to anyone.

I thought that if I headed over to the Public Library around the corner, I might find a book on the best way to end it all without pain. I imagined myself dead and how sorry everyone would be, especially my friends and that tricky Joe who was like a usurper, along with Dr. Brodsky, Dr. Branom, that awful Interior Minister, and everyone else. And the arrogant government too. So I hurried out into the winter, and it was afternoon now, nearly two o’clock, as I could see from the big clock in the center, which meant I had been in that place longer than I realized. I walked down Marghanita Boulevard, turned onto Boothby Avenue, then around the corner, and there was the Public Library.

It was a starry night in a place that I couldn’t remember visiting since I was a small child, no older than six. This place had two sections—one for borrowing books and another for reading, filled with newspapers and magazines, and a lot of very old men whose clothes smelled of age and poverty. They stood around the newspaper stands all over the room, sniffling, belching, talking to themselves, and turning the pages sadly as they read the news. Some were sitting at tables, looking at magazines or pretending to read them, with a few asleep and one or two snoring loudly. 

At first, I couldn’t remember what I was looking for, but then I suddenly recalled that I had come here to find out how to end my life without pain. I walked over to the shelf full of reference books. There were many titles, but none of them seemed right. I picked up a medical book, but when I opened it, I found gruesome drawings and photographs of horrific injuries and diseases, which made me feel a bit ill. So, I put it back and chose a large book, known as the Bible, thinking it might bring me comfort as it had in the past—not too long ago, but it felt like ages—then staggered over to a chair to read it. 

However, all I found were passages about punishing others and various people cursing and fighting, which also made me feel sick. This made me nearly cry, prompting a very shabby man across from me to ask:

“What’s the matter, son? What troubles you?”

“I want to end my life,” I said. “I’m tired of it. Life has become too overwhelming.”

A man next to me, reading quietly, shushed me without looking up from a peculiar magazine filled with strange geometric shapes. That caught my attention. The shabby man said:

“You’re too young for that, son. You have your whole life ahead of you.”

“Yes,” I replied bitterly. “Like a pair of fake breasts.” The magazine-reading man said “Shhhh” again while finally looking up, and something clicked for both of us. I recognized who it was. He spoke loudly:

“I never forget a shape, I swear. I never forget anything's shape. I’ve caught you now, you young fools.” Crystallography, that was it. That was what he had been taking from the library that time. False teeth crunched down on real horrorshow. Clothes torn off. His books damaged, all about Crystallography. I thought I should get out of there quickly, brothers. But this old man was on his feet, shouting like crazy to all the old folks at the newspapers on the walls and to those dozing over magazines at the tables.

“We have him,” he yelled. “The young fool who ruined the books on Crystallography, rare books, books that can never be found again, anywhere.” This had a disturbing feel to it, as if this old guy was really losing it. “A prime example of the cowardly young,” he shouted. “Here among us and at our mercy. He and his friends beat me and kicked me and thrashed me. They stripped me and knocked out my teeth. They laughed at my blood and my whimpers. They sent me home, dazed and naked.”

All this wasn’t quite true, as you know, brothers. He was wearing some clothes; he hadn’t been completely bare.

I shouted back: “That was over two years ago. I’ve been punished since then. I’ve learned my lesson. Look over there—my picture's in the papers.”

“Punished, huh?” said one old ex-soldier type. “You lot should be exterminated. Like so many bothersome pests. Punished, indeed.”

“All right, all right,” I said. “Everyone's entitled to their opinion. Forgive me, everyone. I must go now.” And I started to leave this crazy place full of old men. Aspirin, that was it. You could feel it on a hundred aspirin. Aspirin from the old drugstore. But the crystallography man shouted:

“Don’t let him escape. We’ll show him what punishment looks like, that murderous young pig. Get him.” And believe it or not, my brothers, two or three elderly men, each about ninety years old, grabbed me with their shaky hands, and I felt sick from the smell of old age and illness coming from these near-dead figures. The officer in charge was now on to me, starting to hit me weakly in the face, and I tried to get away, but these old hands that held me were stronger than I expected. Then other old men came hobbling over to join in on their attack. They were shouting things like, “Kill him, stamp on him, murder him, kick his teeth in,” and all that noise, and I could see what was happening. It was old age attacking youth, that’s what it was. But some were saying, “Poor old Jack, he nearly killed poor old Jack, this is the young swine,” as if it had all happened yesterday. Which I suppose it had for them. There was now a crowd of old, dirty men trying to get at me with their feeble hands and claw-like fingers, shouting and breathing heavily, but our officer was right in front, landing one blow after another. And I didn’t dare do anything, oh my brothers, it was better to be hit than to feel that horrible pain, but of course the violence made me feel sickness creeping around the corner, waiting to see if it would come out and take over.

Then a younger attendant came along and shouted, “What’s going on here? Stop it at once. This is a reading room.” But no one paid any attention. So the attendant said, “Alright, I’m going to call the police.” I shouted in response, and I never thought I would ever do that in my life:

“Yes, yes, please do that, protect me from these old madmen.” I noticed that the attendant wasn’t very eager to intervene and rescue me from the fury and madness of these crazed men; he just rushed off to his office or wherever the phone was. Now these old men were breathing heavily, and I felt like I could just push them, and they would all fall over. But I chose to stay still, very patient, held by these frantic old men, my eyes shut, feeling their weak hits on my face, while also hearing their ragged breaths yelling: “Young pig, young murderer, hooligan, thug, kill him.” Then I got such a painful hit on the nose that I thought, enough is enough, so I opened my eyes and started to struggle to get free, which wasn’t hard, my friends, and I dashed out into the hallway outside the reading room. But these angry men still chased after me, panting like they were dying, their hands shaking as they tried to get at me. Then I got tripped and fell to the floor and was being kicked, hearing the voices of young men yelling: “Alright, alright, stop it now,” and I knew the police had arrived.

I was dazed, my friends, and couldn't see very clearly, but I was sure I had seen these officers somewhere before. The one holding me, saying, “There, there, there,” right by the front door of the Public Library, I didn’t recognize at all, but he seemed very young to be a cop. However, the other two had backs I was sure I recognized. They were joyfully attacking these old men, striking them with small whips, shouting: “There, you naughty boys. That should teach you to stop rioting and disturbing the peace, you wicked villains.” They pushed these panting, wheezing old men back into the reading room, then turned around, laughing at the fun they’d had, and looked at me. The older of the two said:

“Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. If it isn’t little Alex. Long time no see, friend. How’s it going?” I felt dazed, and the uniform and helmet made it hard to recognize who this was, but the face and voice were very familiar. Then I looked at the other person, and with his grinning crazy face, there was no doubt. Then, feeling numb and confused, I looked back at the first one. It was the fat old Billyboy, my old enemy. The other was Dim, who used to be my friend and also the enemy of the disgusting fatty Billyboy, but was now a police officer with a uniform and helmet and a whip to maintain order. I said:

“Oh no.”

“Surprise, right?” And old Dim laughed in that familiar way I remembered: “Huh huh huh.”

“It can’t be,” I said. “This isn’t real. I don’t believe it.”

“Proof for your eyes,” Billyboy grinned. “No tricks here. Just a job for two who are of age to work. The police.”

“You’re too young,” I said. “Way too young. They don’t make officers out of kids your age.”

“I was young,” old officer Dim replied. I couldn’t believe it, really couldn’t. “That’s what we were, young friend. And you were always the youngest. And now look at us.”

“I still can’t believe it,” I said. Then Billyboy, the officer that I couldn’t wrap my mind around, said to this young officer who was holding on to me, and whom I didn’t know:

“I think it would be better if we just did a quick judgment. Boys will be boys, as always has been. No need to go through the usual station process. This one here has been up to his old tricks, as we remember—even if you can’t. He has been attacking the old and defenseless, and they’ve been fighting back. But we must speak in the State’s name.”

“What is going on?” I said, hardly able to believe my eyes. “It was them that attacked me, you guys. You can’t be on their side. You can’t be, Dim. It was a guy we dealt with once in the old days trying to get his small bit of revenge after all this time.”

“Long time is correct,” said Dim. “I don’t remember those days too well. Don’t call me Dim anymore, either. Call me Officer.”

“Enough is remembered, though,” Billyboy kept nodding. He was not as overweight as he had been. “Naughty little kids with sharp knives—these must be controlled.” They grabbed me tightly and walked me out of the library. There was a police car waiting outside, and the driver, a guy they called Rex, was waiting. They shoved me into the back of the car, and I couldn’t help feeling it was all a joke, thinking Dim would take off his hat and laugh. But he didn’t. I said, trying to fight my fear:

“And what about old Pete? It was sad about Georgie,” I said. “I heard about that.”

“Pete, oh yes, Pete,” said Dim. “I think I remember that name.” I realized we were driving out of town. I asked:

“Where are we going?”

Billyboy turned around to say, “It’s still light. Just a short drive into the country, all winter-bare but lonely and nice. It’s not always right for people in town to see too much of our punishments. The streets must be kept clean in more than one way.” Then he turned back to the front.

“Come on,” I said. “I don’t understand this at all. The old days are over. For what I did in the past, I have been punished. I have been cured.”

“That was explained to us,” said Dim. “The supervisor went over all that with us. He said it was a very good way.”

“Explained to you,” I said, a little bitter. “You still too slow to read for yourself, brother?”

“Oh no,” said Dim, sounding quite gentle and regretful. “Don’t speak like that. Not anymore, friend.” Then he threw a heavy punch right on my jaw, making my nose bleed.

“There was never any trust,” I said bitterly, wiping the blood with my hand. “I was always on my own.”

“This will do,” said Billyboy. We were now in the countryside, surrounded by bare trees and a few distant birds singing, and in the distance, some farm machine was making a whirring sound. It was getting dark now, being the middle of winter. There were no people around, nor any animals. Just the four of us. “Get out, Alex,” said Dim. “Just a little bit of punishment.”

All throughout what they were doing, the driver just sat at the wheel of the car, smoking a cigarette and reading a little bit of a book. He had the light on in the car to see by. He paid no attention to what Billyboy and Dim were doing to me. I won’t go into the details, but it was all like panting and thudding against the background noise of whirring farm engines and the chirping in the bare branches. You could see a bit of smoky breath in the car light, while the driver calmly turned the pages of his book. They were focused on me the whole time, my brothers. Then either Billyboy or Dim said, "That’s enough, my friend. Don’t you think?" Then they gave me one last hit to the face and I fell over and just lay there on the grass. It was cold, but I wasn’t feeling the cold. Then they dusted off their hands and put back on their hats and jackets that they had taken off, and then they got back into the car. “See you again sometime, Alex,” said Billyboy, and Dim just let out one of his silly laughs. The driver finished the page he was on, put his book away, and then started the car and they drove off toward the town, my former friends and enemies waving. But I just lay there, worn out and exhausted.

After a while, I was in a lot of pain, and then the rain started, all icy. I couldn't see any people around, nor any lights from houses. Where was I to go, with no home and not much money in my pockets? I cried for myself, “boo hoo hoo.” Then I got up and started walking.

Home, home, home—I wanted home, and that was where I ended up, brothers. I walked through the darkness and followed not the road to town but the way from where the sound of a farm machine had been coming. This led me to a sort of village I felt I had seen before, but maybe it was because all villages look the same, especially in the dark. There were houses and a drinking place, and at the end of the village, there was a little cottage at an odd angle, and I could see its name shining on the gate.

HOME, it said. I was dripping wet from the icy rain, so my clothes were no longer fashionable but truly miserable and pathetic, and my hair was a wet tangled mess all over my head. I was sure there were cuts and bruises all over my face, and a couple of my teeth felt loose when I touched them with my tongue. I was sore all over and very thirsty, so I kept opening my mouth to the cold rain, and my stomach kept growling with hunger since I hadn’t eaten anything since morning, and even then, it wasn't much, my brothers.

HOME, it said, and maybe there would be someone here to help. I opened the gate and carefully made my way down the path, the rain feeling like ice, then I knocked gently on the door. No one came, so I knocked a little longer and louder, until I heard footsteps approaching. The door opened, and a male voice said, “Yes, what is it?”

“Oh,” I said, “please help. I’ve been beaten by the police and left to die on the road. Please, can I have a drink and a seat by the fire?”

The door opened wider, and I could see warm light and a crackling fire inside. “Come in,” said the man, “whoever you are. God help you, you poor victim, come in and let’s take a look at you.” I staggered inside, and it wasn’t just an act; I really felt worn out. This kind man wrapped his arms around my shoulders and led me to the room with the fire. I recognized the place now and understood why HOME on the gate seemed so familiar. I looked at him, and he looked at me kindly, and I remembered him well now. Of course, he wouldn’t remember me; in my carefree days, my friends and I wore truly awful disguises while causing trouble. He was a short man, middle-aged, maybe thirty, forty, or fifty, and he wore glasses. “Sit by the fire,” he said, “and I’ll get you some whisky and warm water. My, my, someone has really hurt you.” He cast a sympathetic glance at my head and face.

“The police,” I said. “The horrible, wretched police.”

“Another victim,” he sighed. “A victim of modern society. I’ll get you that whisky, and then I need to clean your wounds a bit.” And off he went. I looked around this small, comfortable room. It was mostly filled with books, a fire, and a couple of chairs, and it was clear that no woman lived there. On the table was a typewriter and a pile of scattered papers, and I recalled that this man was a writer. ‘A Clockwork Orange,’ that was it. It was odd that I remembered that. I had to keep it to myself, though, because I needed help and kindness now. Those horrible kids in that awful place had left me needing help and kindness, pushing me to want to give help and kindness myself, if anyone would accept it.

“Here we are,” said the man as he came back. He handed me a hot drink that warmed me up, and then he attended to the cuts on my face. Then he said:

“You can enjoy a nice hot bath. I'll run the bath for you, and then you can share everything with me over a warm supper that I’ll prepare while you’re bathing.” Oh my friends, I was almost in tears from his kindness, and I think he noticed the tears in my eyes because he said, “There, there,” patting me on the shoulder.

Anyway, I went upstairs and took the hot bath. He brought in pajamas and a gown for me to wear, all warmed by the fire, along with a very worn pair of slippers. Now, even though I ached all over, I felt that I would be better soon. I made my way downstairs and saw that in the kitchen he had set the table with knives and forks and a big loaf of bread, along with a bottle of sauce. Soon, he served a nice plate of eggs, slices of ham, juicy sausages, and big mugs of hot sweet milky tea. It felt nice sitting there in the warmth, eating, and I found I was very hungry. After the meal, I had to eat slice after slice of bread with butter and strawberry jam from a large pot. “Feeling a lot better,” I said. “How can I ever repay you?”

“I think I know who you are,” he said. “If you’re who I believe you are, then you’ve come to the right place. Wasn’t that your picture in the paper this morning? Are you the unfortunate victim of this terrible new technique? If so, then you were sent here by fate. Tortured in prison, then thrown out to be tortured by the police. My heart goes out to you, poor boy.” Friends, I couldn't get a word in, even though I opened my mouth to respond to his questions.

“You’re not the first to come here in distress,” he said. “The police like to bring their victims to the outskirts of this village. But it’s fortunate that you, another kind of victim, have arrived here. Perhaps you’ve heard of me?”

I had to be very cautious. I said, “I’ve heard of ‘A Clockwork Orange.’ I haven't read it, but I’ve heard of it.”

“Ah,” he said, and his face lit up like the sun in the morning. “Now tell me about yourself.”

“Not much to share, sir,” I replied humbly. “There was a foolish, childish prank where my so-called friends persuaded, or rather forced, me to break into the house of an old woman. There was no real harm intended. Unfortunately, the lady strained her heart trying to throw me out, although I was ready to leave on my own, and then she died. I was accused of causing her death. So, I was sent to prison, sir.”

“Yes, yes, go on.”

“Then I was chosen by the Minister of the Interior for this Ludovico’s technique to be tested on me.”

“Tell me everything about it,” he said, leaning forward eagerly, his sweater sleeves covered in strawberry jam from the plate I’d pushed aside. So I told him everything. I shared everything about my brothers. He was very eager to listen, his eyes shining and his mouth slightly open, while the grease on the plates became harder and harder. When I finished, he stood up from the table, nodding repeatedly and making sound of “hm hm hm,” picking up the plates and other things from the table and taking them to the sink to wash them. I said:

“I’ll take care of that, sir, and I’m happy to do so.”

“Rest, rest, poor boy,” he said, turning on the tap so that steam came billowing out. “You’ve sinned, I suppose, but your punishment has been extreme. They’ve turned you into something other than a human being. You have no ability to choose anymore. You’re bound to socially acceptable actions, like a little machine that’s only capable of good. I see it clearly—that issue of marginal conditioning. Music, sex, literature, and art should provide pleasure, but now they are only sources of pain.”

“That’s true, sir,” I said, smoking one of this kind man's cork-tipped cigarettes.

“They always take on too much,” he said, absentmindedly drying a plate. “But the real sin is the essential intention. A man who cannot choose stops being a man.”

“That’s what the chaplain said, sir,” I replied. “The prison chaplain, that is.”

“Did he, did he? Of course he did. He'd have to, wouldn’t he, being a Christian? Well, now then,” he said, still wiping the same plate he had been for ten minutes, “we’ll have some people come to see you tomorrow. I think you can be of use, poor boy. I believe you can help challenge this oppressive Government. It should not be seen as an achievement for any government to turn a decent young man into a piece of clockwork, except one that prides itself on being repressive.” He was still drying the same plate. I said:

“Sir, you're still drying that same plate. I agree with you, sir, about boasting. This Government does seem very boastful.”

“Oh,” he said, as if noticing the plate for the first time, then he set it down. “I’m still not very good,” he said, “with household tasks. My wife used to do all of them and leave me to my writing.”

“Your wife, sir?” I asked. “Has she left you?” I really wanted to know about his wife, remembering her quite well.

“Yes, she left me,” he said in a loud and bitter voice. “She died, you see. She was brutally raped and beaten. The shock was immense. It happened in this house,” his hands were trembling as he held a cleaning cloth, “in that room next door. I’ve had to harden myself to keep living here, but she would have wanted me to stay where her sweet memory still lingers. Yes, yes, yes. Poor girl.” I understood clearly, my friends, what had happened that long-ago night, and thinking about it made me feel sick, and the pain started in my head. This man noticed this, because my face looked completely drained of color, very pale, and he would be able to see that. “You should go to bed now,” he said kindly. “I’ve got the spare room ready. Poor boy, you must have had a terrible time. A victim of the modern world, just like she was. Poor, poor girl.”

I had a really terrible night’s sleep, brothers, with no dreams at all, and the morning was very clear and frosty, with a pleasant smell of breakfast cooking below. It took me a little while to remember where I was, as it usually does, but soon it came back to me and I felt warm and safe. As I lay there in bed, waiting to be called down for breakfast, it occurred to me that I should find out the name of this kind, motherly man, so I looked around in my pajamas, searching for "A Clockwork Orange," since it would definitely have his name on it, being the author. There was nothing in my room except a bed, a chair, and a light, so I went next door to this man's room, and there was a large photo of his wife on the wall, which made me feel a bit sick to remember. But there were also two or three shelves of books there, and, as I expected, there was a copy of "A Clockwork Orange." On the back cover, I found the author's name—F. Alexander. Good God, I thought, he's another Alex. Then I flipped through it, standing in my pajamas and bare feet but not feeling cold at all, the cottage being warm throughout, and I couldn't understand what the book was about. It seemed written in a very crazy style, full of exclamations, but it seemed to suggest that everyone nowadays was being turned into machines, and that we—everyone—were more like a natural growth, like fruit. F. Alexander seemed to think that we all grew on what he called the world-tree in the world-orchard that God planted, and we were there because God needed us to satisfy His love, or something like that. I didn't like the sound of this at all, O my brothers, and wondered how crazy this F. Alexander really was, perhaps driven mad by his wife’s death. But then he called me down in a calm voice, full of joy and warmth, so down I went.

“You’ve slept a long time,” he said, serving boiled eggs and pulling black toast from under the grill. “It’s nearly ten already. I’ve been up for hours, working.”

“Writing another book, sir?” I asked.

“No, no, not now,” he replied, and we sat down comfortably to the sounds of cracking eggs and the crunch of the black toast, with milky tea standing by in large morning mugs. “No, I’ve been on the phone with various people.”

“I thought you didn’t have a phone,” I said, spooning egg in while not paying attention to what I was saying.

“Why?” he said, very alert like an animal ready to pounce. “Why shouldn’t you think I have a phone?”

“Nothing,” I said, “nothing, nothing.” And I wondered, my friends, how much he remembered from earlier that night when I came to the door with the old story and asked to phone the doctor, and he said there was no phone. He looked at me very closely but then went back to being kind and cheerful, eating his breakfast. Munching away, he said:

“Yes, I’ve contacted various people who will be interested in your case. You can be a very powerful tool, you see, in ensuring that this current evil and corrupt Government is not re-elected in the upcoming election. The Government’s big claim, you see, is how it has dealt with crime these past months.” He looked at me closely again over his steaming eggs, and I wondered if he remembered what role I had played in his life so far. But he said, “They are recruiting young thugs for the police. They’re proposing harmful and manipulative conditioning techniques.” All these long words, my friends, and a wild look in his eyes. “We’ve seen it all before,” he said, “in other countries. The thin end of the wedge. Before we know it, we’ll have the full machinery of totalitarianism.” “Oh dear,” I thought, eating my eggs and toast. I said:

“Where do I fit into all this, sir?”

“You,” he said, still with that wild look, “are a living witness to these terrible proposals. The people, the common people must know, must see.” He got up from his breakfast and started pacing around the kitchen, from the sink to the pantry, saying very insistently: “Would they want their sons to become what you, poor victim, have become? Will the Government itself now determine what is and isn’t a crime and drain the life and spirit from anyone who displeases them?” He became quieter but didn’t return to his eggs. “I’ve written an article,” he said, “this morning, while you were sleeping. It will be published in a day or so, along with your unhappy picture. You shall sign it, poor boy, as a record of what they have done to you.” I said:

“And what do you get out of all this, sir? I mean, besides the money you’ll make from the article? Why are you so passionate against this Government, if I may be so bold as to ask?”

He grabbed the edge of the table and said, gritting his teeth, which were very crooked and all stained from smoke: “Some of us have to fight. There are important traditions of freedom to defend. I am not a party man. When I see something outrageous, I try to fix it. Party names mean nothing. The tradition of freedom means everything. The common people will let it slide, oh yes. They will sacrifice freedom for a quieter life. That’s why they need to be pushed, pushed—" And here, he picked up a fork and stabbed it two or three times into the wall, bending it. Then he threw it on the floor. Very kindly, he said: “Eat well, poor boy, poor victim of the modern world,” and I could see very clearly that he was losing his mind. “Eat, eat. Eat my egg too.” But I said:

“And what do I get out of this? Will I be cured of my condition? Will I be able to listen to the old Choral Symphony without feeling sick again? Can I live like a normal person? What happens to me?”

He looked at me, as if he hadn’t thought of that before and, anyway, it didn’t matter compared to Liberty and all that, and he looked surprised that I was asking for something for myself. Then he said: “Oh, as I said, you’re a living witness, poor boy. Finish your breakfast and then come see what I’ve written, because it’s going into ‘The Weekly Trumpet’ under your name, you unfortunate victim.”

Well, what he had written was a very long and very sad piece, and as I read it, I felt really sorry for the poor guy who was talking about his suffering and how the Government had drained his will and how it was up to everyone to not let such a corrupt and evil Government rule them again, and then I realized that the poor suffering guy was none other than Y. H. N.

“Very good,” I said. “Really well done. You’ve written this well, sir.” And then he looked at me very closely and said:

“What?” It was as if he hadn’t heard me before.

“Oh, that,” I said, “is what we call teen slang. All the kids use that, sir.” So then he went off to the kitchen to wash the dishes, and I was left in these borrowed night clothes and shoes, waiting to have done to me what was going to happen, because I had no plans for myself, oh my brothers.

While the great F. Alexander was in the kitchen, there was a ringing at the door. “Ah,” he said, coming out and wiping his hands, “it must be them. I’ll go.” So he went and let them in, and there was a bit of chatter about the weather and how things were in the hallway. They entered the room with the fire, the book, and the article about my suffering, noticing me and reacting with surprise. There were three men, and F. Alexander introduced me to them. Z. Dolin was a wheezy, heavyset man who coughed a lot, dropping ash on his clothes and then brushing it away impatiently. He was short and wore thick glasses. Then there was Rubinstein, a tall and polite man with a proper voice and a slightly egg-shaped beard. Lastly, there was D.B. da Silva, who moved quickly and had a strong scent. They all looked at me with interest and seemed pleased with what they saw. Z. Dolin said:

“All right, all right, huh? This boy can really be a great asset. If anything, he could look even more unhealthy and zombie-like. Anything for the cause. I’m sure we can come up with something.”

I didn’t like that remark about looking like a zombie, so I said: “What’s going on, guys? What do you have in mind for me?” And F. Alexander chimed in with:

“Strange, strange, that voice sounds familiar. We’ve definitely met before.” He looked thoughtful. I would have to keep an eye on this, my brothers. D.B. da Silva said:

“Public meetings, mainly. Showing you at these meetings will be a tremendous help. And, of course, the newspaper angle is all set. A ruined life is the approach. We must stir people's emotions.” He smiled, revealing his white teeth against his dark face, looking a bit foreign. I said:

“Nobody has told me what I gain from all this. I’ve been tortured in jail, kicked out of my home by my own parents and their awful lodger, beaten by old men, and almost killed by the police—what will happen to me?” Rubinstein replied:

“You'll see, boy, the Party won’t forget you. Oh, no. By the end of it all, there will be a nice little surprise for you. Just wait and see.”

“There’s only one thing I want,” I shouted, “and that’s to be normal and healthy like I was in the good old days, having my little bit of fun with real friends, not those who just call themselves that but are really more like traitors. Can you do that? Can anyone bring me back to what I was? That’s what I want to know.”

Z. Dolin coughed. “A martyr to the cause of liberty,” he said. “You have your role to play, so don’t forget it. In the meantime, we’ll take care of you.” He started to stroke my left hand as if I was some sort of fool, grinning in a crazy way. I shouted:

“Stop treating me like something that just needs to be used. I’m not an idiot you can manipulate, you foolish people. Ordinary folks might be foolish, but I’m not ordinary and I’m not dim. Do you understand?”

“Dim,” said F. Alexander, thinking aloud. “Dim. That name sounds familiar.”

“What?” I replied. “What does Dim have to do with this? What do you know about Dim?” Then I added, “Oh, God help us.” I didn’t like the look in F. Alexander’s eyes. I headed for the door, wanting to go upstairs to get my clothes and get out of there.

“I could almost believe,” said F. Alexander, showing his stained teeth, his eyes wild. “But things like that are impossible. By God, if he were, I’d tear him apart. I’d split him, yes, I would.”

“There, there,” said D. B. da Silva, calmly stroking his chest like a pet to soothe him. “It’s all in the past. It involved different people altogether. We must help this poor victim. That’s what we should focus on now, remembering our future and our cause.”

“I’ll just grab my clothes,” I said at the bottom of the stairs, “and then I’ll be on my way. I appreciate everything, but I have my own life to live.” Because, honestly, I wanted to get out of there quickly. But Z. Dolin said:

“Oh no. We’re keeping you, my friend. You’re coming with us. Everything will be fine, you’ll see.” He stepped closer to grab my hand again. Then I thought about fighting back, but just thinking about it made me feel weak and sick, so I stood still. Then I saw something wild in F. Alexander’s eyes and said:

“Whatever you say. I’m in your hands. But let’s just get this started and over with.” Because all I wanted now was to leave this place called HOME. I was starting to really dislike the look in F. Alexander’s eyes.

“Good,” said Rubinstein. “Get dressed and let’s get going.”

“Dim dim dim,” F. Alexander kept muttering quietly. “What or who was this Dim?” I rushed upstairs quickly and got dressed in just a couple of seconds. Then I was out with the three of them and into a car, with Rubinstein on one side of me and Z. Dolin coughing on the other side. D. B. da Silva was driving us into town, heading to an apartment building not too far from where my own apartment used to be. “Come on, boy, out,” said Z. Dolin, coughing to draw attention to his condition. “This is where you’ll be staying.” So we went inside, and there was one of those signs about the Dignity of Labor on the wall of the lobby. We took the lift up, and then entered an apartment like all the others in town. Very small, with two bedrooms and one living-eating-working room, the table in this room covered with books, papers, ink, and bottles. “Here is your new home,” said D. B. da Silva. “Settle in, boy. The food is in the cupboard. Pajamas are in a drawer. Rest, rest, troubled spirit.”

“Eh?” I said, not quite understanding.

“All right,” said Rubinstein, with his lofty voice. “We’re leaving you now. Work needs to be done. We’ll be back later. Make yourself comfortable as best you can.”

“One thing,” Z. Dolin coughed. “You saw what stirred in our friend F. Alexander’s troubled memory. Was it, by chance—? That is to say, did you—? I think you know what I mean. We won’t let it go any further.”

“I’ve paid,” I said. “God knows I’ve paid for what I did. I’ve paid not only for myself but for those friends too who called themselves my buddies.” I felt angry and then a bit sick. “I’ll lie down for a bit,” I said. “I’ve been through terrible times.”

“You have,” said D. B. da Silva, showing all his teeth. “You do that.”

So they left me. They went off to their business, which I assumed had to do with politics and all that. I was on the bed, feeling very alone with everything quiet. I just lay there with my shoes kicked off and my tie loose, feeling bewildered and not knowing what kind of life I was going to live now. All kinds of images kept flashing through my mind, of the different people I’d met in school and in the prison, and all the different events that had happened to me, realizing that there wasn’t one person you could trust in the whole wide world. And then I started to doze off.

When I woke up, I could hear loud music coming from the wall. It was really intense, and it brought me out of a light sleep. It was a symphony I recognized, one I hadn’t heard in years—Symphony Number Three by the Danish composer Otto Skadelig. It was a powerful and violent piece, especially in the first movement, which was what was playing now. I listened for a couple of seconds with interest, but then the pain and sickness hit me, and I began to groan deep within me. 

There I was, someone who had loved music so much, crawling off the bed, moaning to myself, and then banging on the wall, shouting, “Stop, stop it, turn it off!” But the music just got louder. I pounded on the wall until my knuckles turned red and the skin was torn, screaming, but the music didn’t stop. I thought I needed to get away from it, so I stumbled out of the small bedroom and hurried to the front door of the apartment, but it was locked from the outside, and I couldn’t escape. 

The music kept getting louder, like it was designed to torture me. So, I pressed my fingers deep into my ears, but the trombones and drums blasted right through. I yelled again for them to stop and pounded on the wall, but it didn’t change anything. “Oh, what am I going to do?” I cried to myself. “Oh, God in Heaven, help me.” I was wandering around the apartment in pain, trying to block out the music and groaning deeply. Then, I noticed something on top of the pile of books and papers on the living room table. I realized what I needed to do, which I had wanted to do until those old men at the public library and then Dim and Billyboy, pretending to be police, stopped me. I considered ending it all, escaping this cruel world forever. 

What caught my eye was the word DEATH on the cover of a pamphlet, even though it only referred to DEATH to THE GOVERNMENT. Coincidentally, there was another small booklet with an open window on the cover that said, “Open the window to fresh air, fresh ideas, a new way of living.” That felt like it was telling me to finish it all by jumping out. One moment of pain, perhaps, and then sleep forever.

The music was still blasting with brass, drums, and violins echoing through the wall. The window in the room where I had laid down was open. I leaned out and saw a steep drop to the cars, buses, and people waiting below. I shouted out to the world: “Goodbye, goodbye, may God forgive you for a ruined life.” Then I climbed onto the sill, the music blaring to my left, and I closed my eyes and felt the cold wind on my face, then I jumped.

I jumped, my brothers, and I fell hard onto the sidewalk, but I didn’t die, oh no. If I had died, I wouldn’t be here to write this. It turns out the jump wasn’t from a high enough place to kill me. But I hurt my back, wrists, and legs and felt a lot of pain before I passed out, my brothers, with the surprised faces of people in the streets looking down at me. Just before I passed out, I clearly realized that not one person in the entire world cared about me and that the music through the wall had been arranged by those who were supposed to be my new friends, and that they wanted something like this for their selfish and arrogant ambitions. All that happened in just a tiny fraction of a minute before I lost consciousness and saw the world, the sky, and the faces of the people staring down at me.

When I came back to consciousness after what felt like a very long time, maybe a million years, I found myself in a hospital. Everything was white, and it had that distinct hospital smell—clean and somewhat unpleasant. The antiseptic scents should have had the warmth of frying onions or flowers instead. I slowly started to remember who I was, but I was wrapped up in white materials, unable to feel anything in my body—no pain or sensation at all. Around my head was a bandage, and there were bits of something stuck to my face. My hands were all bandaged, and it felt like sticks were attached to my fingers to help them heal. My legs were also straightened out, covered in bandages and wire cages. I noticed a jar hanging upside down, dripping red blood from my right arm near the shoulder, but I still couldn’t feel anything.

There was a nurse sitting by my bed, reading a book with very small print, and I could tell it was a story because it had lots of quotation marks. She seemed to be breathing heavily while reading, so it must have been a steamy story. She was a very attractive nurse, with a bright smile and long eyelashes, and even though her uniform was stiff, it was clear she had a great figure. I tried to speak to her, saying, “What's up, little sister? Come and lie down with me in this bed.” But the words came out wrong; my mouth felt stiff, and I could tell some of my teeth were missing. The nurse jumped, dropping her book, and said, “Oh, you’ve regained consciousness.”

That was a surprising reaction from someone like her. I wanted to respond, but all I could manage was a few unintelligible sounds. She hurried off, leaving me alone. Now I could see that I was in a small room of my own, not in one of those long wards I remembered from my childhood, filled with sick people coughing and dying, which made you want to get better. Back then, I had been suffering from diphtheria.

I felt like I couldn't stay awake for long, as I quickly drifted back to sleep. But in a minute or two, I was sure that the nurse had returned, bringing with her some men in white coats who were looking at me disapprovingly and making noises like “hm hm hm” at me. I was also pretty sure I heard the old man Charles from the station saying, “Oh my son, my son,” breathing a stale smell of whisky onto me. Then he continued, “But I wouldn’t stay, oh no. I could not agree with what those brats are going to do to other poor victims. I got away and I'm now preaching about it all, my dear son in Jesus Christ.”

Later, I woke up again and saw the three people from whose apartment I had jumped: D. B. da Silva, someone named Rubinstein, and Z. Dolin. One of them said, “Friend, little friend,” but I couldn’t tell which one. The voice continued, “The people are furious. You have ruined those awful boastful villains’ chances of being re-elected. They are finished, forever. You have served Liberty well.” I wanted to respond, “If I had died, it would have been even better for you political jokers, wouldn’t it, you dishonest friends?” But all that came out was “er er er.” Then one of them held up pieces ripped from newspapers, and I could see a horrible picture of myself on a stretcher being carried away. I seemed to recall flashes from cameras. From one angle, I could read headlines that shook in the hands of the man holding them, like "BOY VICTIM OF CRIMINAL REFORM SCHEME" and "GOVERNMENT AS MURDERER." There was also a picture of a man who looked familiar, and it said “OUT OUT OUT,” which referred to the Minister of the Interior. Then the nurse said, “You shouldn’t be exciting him like that. You shouldn't do anything that will upset him. Now come on, let’s get you out.” I tried to say:

“Out, out, out,” but it was the same thing again. Anyway, those three political guys left. And I left too, but went back to the land, back to darkness lit up by strange dreams that I wasn’t sure were dreams, my brothers. For example, I had this idea of my whole body being emptied like dirty water and then refilled with clean. And then there were really beautiful and terrifying dreams of being in someone’s car that I drove and zooming all over the world, knocking people down and hearing them scream as they were dying, while I felt no pain and no sickness. There were also dreams of being intimate with girls, forcing them down and making them submit, with everyone cheering and clapping like crazy. And then I woke up again, and it was my mom and dad visiting their troubled son, my mom crying loudly. I could talk a lot better now and said, “Well, well, well, what’s going on? What makes you think you’re welcome?” My dad said, a bit ashamed:

“You were in the papers, son. It said they had treated you very poorly. It said how the government drove you to try to harm yourself. And it was our fault too, in a way, son. Your home is your home, after all.”

And my mom continued crying and looking really upset. So I asked:

“And how is the new son Joe? I hope he’s healthy and doing well.” My mom said:

“Oh, Alex, Alex. Owwwwwwww.” My dad said:

“It’s a very unfortunate situation, son. He got into some trouble with the police.”

“Really?” I said. “Really? He seemed like such a good guy. I’m honestly shocked.”

“He was just minding his own business,” said my dad. “The police told him to move along. He was waiting at a corner to meet a girl. When he said he had rights like everyone else, they jumped on him and beat him up badly.”

“Terrible,” I said. “Really terrible. And where is the poor boy now?”

“Owwwww,” my mom cried. “He’s gone back home.”

“Yes,” said my dad. “He went back to his hometown to recover. They had to give his job here to someone else.”

“So now,” I said, “you’re okay with me moving back in and things going back to how they were before?”

“Yes, son,” my dad said. “Please, son.”

“I’ll think about it,” I said. “I’ll consider it very carefully.”

“Owwwww,” my mom cried.

“Ah, be quiet,” I said, “or I’ll give you something to really complain about. I might just kick you.” And, oh my friends, saying that made me feel a little better, as if fresh warm blood was flowing through my body. It was something to think about. It was as if to get better, I had to get worse first.

“That’s not a way to talk to your mother, son,” said my dad. “After all, she brought you into this world.”

“Yes,” I replied. “And what a filthy, horrible world it is.” I shut my eyes tightly in pain and said, “Go away now. I might consider coming back, but things will have to change a lot.”

“Yes, son,” my dad said. “Whatever you say.”

“You’ll need to decide,” I said, “who’s in charge.”

“Owwwwww,” my mom continued to moan.

“Very good, son,” said my dad. “Things will be as you wish. Just get better.”

After they left, I lay there and thought for a bit about different things, like various images passing through my head, and when the nurse came back in and straightened the sheets on the bed, I asked her:

“How long have I been here?”

“A week or so,” she said.

“And what have they been doing to me?”

“Well,” she replied, “you were seriously hurt and bruised, had a severe concussion, and lost a lot of blood. They had to fix all of that, didn’t they?”

“But,” I said, “has anyone been doing anything with my head? What I mean is, have they been messing with my brain?”

“Whatever they’ve done,” she said, “it will all be for the best.”

A couple of days later, two doctors came in, both young men with big smiles, and they brought a picture book with them. One of them said:

“We want you to look at these and tell us what you think about them. All right?”

“What’s going on, little buddies?” I said. “What crazy idea do you have in mind?” They both smiled awkwardly and then sat down on either side of the bed and opened the book. On the first page, there was a photograph of a bird’s nest full of eggs.

“Yes?” one of the doctors asked.

“A bird’s nest,” I said, “full of eggs. Very nice.”

“And what would you like to do with it?” the other one asked.

“Oh,” I said, “smash them. Pick them all up and throw them against a wall or a cliff or something and then watch them all break into pieces.”

“Good, good,” they both said, and then they turned the page. It was a picture of a big bird called a peacock, showing off its colorful tail in a very proud way. “Yes?” one of the doctors asked.

“I would like,” I said, “to pull out all the feathers in its tail and mess it up good. For being so boastful.”

“Good,” they both said, “good, good, good.” And they continued turning the pages. There were pictures of real beautiful girls, and I said I would like to get very involved with them in an intense way and with a lot of violence. There were pictures of men being kicked in the face, with blood everywhere, and I said I would like to be part of that. Then there was a picture of the old friend from prison carrying his cross up a hill, and I said I would like to have the old hammer and nails. Good, good, good, I said:

“What is all this?”

“Deep hypnopaedia,” or something like that, said one of these two guys. “You seem to be cured.”

“Cured?” I said. “With me tied down to this bed like this, and you say cured? Kiss my rear end is what I say.”

So I waited, and, oh my brothers, I got a lot better, munching away at eggs and toast, and drinking big mugs of milky tea. Then one day they said I was going to have a very special visitor.

“Who?” I asked, while they straightened my bed and combed my hair for me, since I now had the bandage off my head and my hair was growing back.

“You’ll see, you’ll see,” they said. And I understood perfectly. At two-thirty in the afternoon, there were photographers and reporters with notebooks and pencils. And, brothers, they nearly sounded a big fanfare for this important person who was coming to see Your Humble Narrator. In he came, and of course it was none other than the Minister of the Interior, dressed very stylishly and speaking in a posh accent. Flash, flash, bang went the cameras when he reached out to shake my hand. I said:

“Well, well, well. What’s going on, old friend?”

Nobody seemed to understand that, but someone said in a harsh voice:

“Be more respectful, boy, when addressing the Minister.”

“Yarbles,” I said, growling like a dog. “To hell with you and yours.”

“All right, all right,” said the Minister very quickly. “He speaks to me as a friend, don’t you, son?”

“I’m everyone’s friend,” I said. “Except to my enemies.”

“Well,” said the Minister of the Interior, sitting down by my bed. “I and the Government of which I am a part want you to think of us as friends. Yes, friends. We have set you right, yes? You are getting the best treatment. We never wished you harm, but there are some who did and still do. And I think you know who those are.”

“Yes, yes, yes,” he said. “There are some men who wanted to use you for their political purposes. They would have been happy, yes, happy for you to be dead, because they thought they could blame it all on the Government. I think you know who those men are.”

“There is a man,” said the Intinfmin, “named F. Alexander, a writer of controversial literature, who has been furious with rage against you. He has wanted to harm you. But you’re safe from him now. We’ve taken care of him.”

“He was supposed to be like a friend to me,” I said. “Like a mother to me.”

“He found out that you had wronged him. At least,” said the Min very seriously, “he thought you had. He convinced himself that you were responsible for the death of someone close to him.”

“What you mean,” I said, “is that he was told something.”

“He had this belief,” said the Min. “He was a threat. We put him away for his own sake, and also,” he said, “for yours.”

“How kind,” I said. “Very kind of you.”

“When you leave here,” said the Min, “you will have no worries. We will take care of everything. A good job with a good salary. Because you are helping us.”

“Am I?” I asked.

“We always help our friends, don’t we?” Then he took my hand and someone shouted: “Smile!” and I smiled without thinking, and then flash, flash, crack, bang—there were pictures being taken of me and the Intinfmin all together. “Good boy,” said this important man.

“Good, good boy. And now, look, a gift.”

What was brought in next was a big shiny box, and I realized what it was. It was a stereo. It was placed next to the bed and opened up, and someone plugged it into the wall. “What will it be?” asked a man with glasses, holding lovely shiny sleeves full of music. “Mozart? Beethoven? Schoenberg? Carl Orff?”

“The Ninth,” I said. “The glorious Ninth.”

And it was the Ninth, my friends. Everyone began to leave quietly while I lay there with my eyes closed, enjoying the wonderful music. The Min said: “Good, good boy,” patting me on the shoulder, then he left. Only one man remained, saying: “Sign here, please.” I opened my eyes to sign, not knowing what I was signing and not, my friends, caring either. Then I was alone with the glorious Ninth of Ludwig van.

Oh, it was beautiful and delicious. When the Scherzo started, I could clearly see myself running swiftly and mysteriously, like a shadow, carving the entire face of the screaming world with my sharp knife. And there was still the slow movement and the lovely final singing movement to come. I was definitely feeling better.

“What’s it going to be then, huh?”

It was me, Your Humble Narrator, along with my three friends: Len, Rick, and Bully. Bully got his name because of his enormous neck and loud voice, which sounded like a great bull bellowing. We were sitting in the Korova Milkbar, deciding what to do with our evening, a cold, dark winter night but dry. All around us were people enjoying milk mixed with various substances that took you far away from this wicked, real world into a place where you could see God and all His holy angels and saints with lights bursting and flashing in your head. What we were drinking was the usual milk with something to sharpen you up and get you ready for some exciting trouble, but I’ve mentioned that before.

We were dressed in the height of fashion, which at that time meant very wide trousers and a loose, shiny black leather jacket over an open-necked shirt with a scarf tucked in. It was also fashionable to have a shaved head, so most of us were bald on top with hair only on the sides. But the big boots we wore for kicking people were always the same.

“What’s it going to be then, huh?”

I was the oldest of the four, and they all looked up to me as their leader. But sometimes I felt like Bully thought he wanted to take charge, probably because of his size and the loud voice that bellowed when he was angry. All the ideas came from me, my brothers, and I was also known because my picture and articles had appeared in the newspapers. Plus, I had the best job of all of us four, working in the National Gramodisc Archives in the music department, where I earned a good salary and got many free records for myself on the side.

This evening at the Korova, there were quite a few guys and girls talking and joking around, mixing in with the chatter of the locals about their “Gorgor fallatuke and the worm sprays in filltip slaughterballs,” and all that nonsense you could hear a pop song playing on the stereo—Ned Achimota singing “That Day, Yeah, That Day.” At the bar, three girls were dressed in the latest trendy fashion, with long uncombed hair dyed white, fake breasts sticking out a meter or more, and very tight short skirts with frothy white layers underneath. Bully kept saying, “Hey, let’s go for it, just the three of us. Old Len isn’t interested. Leave him alone with his God.” Len kept replying, “Yarbles yarbles. Where is the spirit of all for one and one for all, huh?” Suddenly, I felt very tired yet full of restless energy, and I said:

“Out out out out out.”

“Where to?” asked Rick, whose face resembled a frog's.

“Oh, just to see what’s happening outside,” I replied. But somehow, my friends, I felt quite bored and a bit hopeless, and I had been feeling that way a lot recently. So I turned to the guy nearest me on the big plush seat that wrapped around the entire place, a guy who was mumbling incoherently due to being drunk, and I punched him quickly in the belly. But he didn’t react at all, just kept mumbling, “Cart cart virtue, where in toptails lieth the poppoppicorns?” So we stepped out into the cold winter night.

We walked down Marghanita Boulevard, and since there were no cops in sight, when we saw a guy coming away from a newsstand where he had just bought a newspaper, I said to Bully, “Alright, Bully boy, you can if you want.” Lately, I had started giving orders and just watching them get carried out. So Bully went after him, and the other two tripped him and kicked him while he was down, laughing as he crawled away, whimpering to himself. Bully said:

"How about a nice glass of something to keep warm, Alex?" We were not far from the Duke of New York. The other two nodded eagerly, but all looked at me to see if that was okay. I nodded too, so we went inside. 

In the cozy spot, there were those starry young women or older ladies that you might remember from the beginning, and they all greeted us with: “Good evening, lads, God bless you, boys, you’re the best, that’s what you are,” waiting for us to say, “What’s it going to be, ladies?” Bully rang the bell, and a waiter came in, rubbing his hands on his greasy apron. “Put the drinks on the table, friends,” said Bully, pulling out his noisy pile of cash. “Scotch for us and the same for the ladies, right?” Then I said:

“Forget it. Let them buy their own.” I didn’t know why, but in these last days I had started to feel a bit stingy. I wanted to keep all my money for myself, for some reason. Bully asked:

“What’s going on, buddy? What’s come over old Alex?”

“Forget it,” I replied. “I don’t know. It’s just that I don’t want to waste my hard-earned cash, that’s all.”

“Earned?” said Rick. “Earned? It doesn’t have to be earned, as you know, old buddy. It’s just taken, that’s all.” And he laughed loudly, showing some of his not-so-great teeth.

“Ah,” I said, “I have some thinking to do.” But seeing those ladies looking so eager for free drinks, I shrugged and pulled out my own money from my pocket, notes and coins mixed together, and plopped it on the table.

“Scotch all around, right,” said the waiter. But for some reason, I said:

“No, just one small beer for me, please.” Len said:

“I’m not really into that,” and he reached out to touch my forehead, joking that I must have a fever, but I growled at him to stop.

“All right, all right, friend,” he said. “As you wish.” But Bully had spotted something from my pocket that I’d put on the table. He said:

“Well, well, well. And we never knew.”

“Give me that,” I snapped, grabbing it quickly. I couldn’t explain how it got there, guys, but it was a photograph I had cut out of an old newspaper, and it was of a baby. It showed a baby cooing with milk dribbling from its mouth, looking up and smiling at everyone, all chubby with rolls of fat. There was a bit of struggle as someone tried to take the paper from me, so I snapped at them again, ripped the photo into tiny pieces, and let it fall like snow on the floor. Then the whiskey came in, and the cheerful older women said, “Good health, lads! God bless you, boys, the best lads alive, that’s what you are,” and so on. One of them, full of wrinkles and without teeth in her old mouth, said, “Don’t tear up money, son. If you don’t need it, give it to those who do,” which was very bold of her. But Rick replied:

“That wasn’t money, old lady. It was a picture of a sweet little baby.” I said:

“I’m just getting a bit tired, really. It’s you who are the babies, all of you. Laughing and grinning, and all you can do is hit people when they can’t hit back.” Bully said:

“Well, we always thought you were the king of that and also the teacher. That’s the problem with you, old friend.”

I saw the half-full glass of beer on the table in front of me and felt nauseous, so I went “Aaaaah” and poured the frothy drink all over the floor. One of the cheerful girls said:

“Waste not, want not.” I responded:

“Look, friends. Listen. Tonight I’m just not in the mood. I don’t know why or how, but that’s how it is. You three go your own ways tonight, leaving me out. Tomorrow we’ll meet at the same place, same time, and I hope to feel a lot better.”

“Oh,” said Bully, “I’m really sorry.” But you could see a glimmer in his eyes, because he would now take over for the night. Everyone wants power. “We can postpone till tomorrow,” said Bully, “what we had in mind. That bit of shoplifting on Gagarin Street. Big profits there, friend, if we do it.”

“No,” I said. “You’re not postponing anything. Just carry on in your own style. Now,” I said, “I’m off.” And I got up from my chair.

“Where to, then?” asked Rick.

“I don’t know that,” I said. “Just trying to be on my own and sort things out.” You could see the old women were really puzzled by me acting that way, all gloomy instead of the cheerful person they remembered. But I said, “Ah, forget it,” and hurried out onto the street.

It was dark, and the wind was sharp like a knife, with very few people around. There were police cars cruising by, with tough officers inside, and now and then on the corner, you’d see a couple of young officers trying to keep warm against the cold and breathing out steam in the winter air, oh my brothers. I suppose a lot of the violence was dying down now, with the police being so harsh on those they caught, though it had become a struggle between rowdy youths and the police over who could be quicker with their weapons. But what bothered me lately was that I didn’t care much. It felt like something soft was creeping into me, and I couldn’t figure out why. I didn’t know what I wanted these days. Even the music I used to enjoy in my small space, what I would have laughed at before, was different now, brothers. I was listening more to romantic songs, what they call Lieder, just a voice and a piano, very quiet and yearning, unlike when I used to enjoy loud orchestras while lying on the bed among the violins and trombones and drums. Something was happening inside me, and I wondered if it was some kind of illness or if it was what they had done to me that time when they messed with my head, perhaps making me truly crazy.

Thinking like this with my mind spinning and my hands in my pockets, I walked around the town, brothers, and eventually started feeling very tired and in need of a big cup of hot tea. While thinking about this tea, I suddenly imagined myself sitting in front of a big fire in an armchair, sipping that tea, and what was funny and really strange was that I seemed to have turned into a very old man, about seventy years old, because I could see my own hair, which was very gray, and I also had a gray beard. I could picture myself as an old man sitting by the fire, and then that image vanished. But it was very strange.

I went to one of those tea-and-coffee places, my friends, and I could see through the long window that it was full of very ordinary people, who were quite calm and expressionless and posed no threat to anyone. They were all sitting there quietly chatting and enjoying their nice harmless tea and coffee. I went inside, approached the counter, and bought a nice hot tea with plenty of milk. Then I went to one of the tables and sat down to drink it. There was a young couple at this table, talking quietly and smoking cigarettes, but I paid them no mind and simply kept drinking and thinking about what was changing in me and what might happen next. I noticed that the girl at the table with the guy was quite attractive, not the kind you’d immediately want to sleep with, but she had a great figure and face, a warm smile, and very fair hair and all that. Then the guy with her, who had a hat on and was facing away from me, turned around to check the big clock on the wall. I recognized him, and he recognized me too. It was Pete, one of my three friends from the old days, when it was me, Georgie, Dim, and him. Pete looked a lot older, though he couldn’t have been more than nineteen and a bit, had a little mustache, an ordinary suit, and a briefcase. I said:

“Well, well, well, my friend, what’s up? It’s been a long time since I last saw you.” He replied:

“It’s little Alex, isn’t it?”

“Indeed,” I said. “It’s been a long time since those good old days. And now poor Georgie, I heard he’s gone, and old Dim is a brutal cop, and here you are, and here I am. What’s new with you, old friend?”

“He talks funny, doesn’t he?” said the girl, giggling.

“This,” said Pete to her, “is an old friend. His name is Alex. May I,” he said to me, “introduce my wife?”

I was shocked. “Wife? Wife, wife, wife? No, that can’t be true. You’re too young to be married, my friend. Impossible.”

The girl, who was supposedly Pete’s wife (impossible), giggled again and asked Pete, “Did you used to talk like that too?”

“Well,” said Pete, smiling. “I’m almost twenty. Old enough to be married, and I’ve been married for two months now. You were very young and very forward, remember?”

“Well,” I was still in shock. “I just can’t believe this, my friend. Pete is married. Well, well, well.”

“We have a small apartment,” said Pete. “I’m making very little money at State Marine Insurance, but I know things will get better. And Georgina here—”

“What was that name again?” I asked, still surprised. Pete’s wife giggled again.

“Georgina,” said Pete. “Georgina works too. Typing, you know. We manage, we manage.” I really couldn’t take my eyes off him. He seemed so much more grown up now, with a grown-up voice and everything. “You must,” said Pete, “come visit us sometime. You still look very young, despite everything you’ve been through. Yes, yes, we’ve read about it. But, of course, you’re still very young.”

“Eighteen,” I said. “Just turned.”

“Eighteen, huh?” said Pete. “Really? Well, well. Now,” he said, “we have to be going.” He gave Georgina a loving look and held her hand, and she looked back at him in a special way. “Yes,” said Pete, turning back to me, “we’re off to a little party at Greg’s.”

“Greg?” I asked.

“Oh, of course,” said Pete, “you wouldn’t know Greg. He came into the picture while you were away. He hosts little parties, you know. Mostly wine and word games. Very nice, very pleasant. Harmless, if you know what I mean.”

“Yes,” I said. “Harmless. I understand.” Georgina giggled again at my words. Then the two of them left for their word games at this Greg’s place, whoever he was. I was left alone with my cold milky tea, thinking and wondering.

Maybe that was it, I kept thinking. Maybe I was getting too old for the kind of life I had been living. I was just eighteen now. Eighteen isn’t that young of an age. At eighteen, Wolfgang Amadeus had written concertos and symphonies and operas and all that beautiful music. And then there was Felix Mendelssohn with his Midsummer Night’s Dream Overture. There were others too, including the French poet Arthur Rimbaud, who had done his best work by the age of fifteen. Eighteen wasn’t that young after all. But what was I going to do?

Walking the dark, chilly streets of winter after leaving this chai-and-coffee place, I kept imagining scenes, like the cartoons in the newspapers. There was me, Alex, coming home from work to a nice hot dinner, and there was this woman all welcoming and friendly. But I couldn’t see her clearly, brothers; I couldn’t figure out who she might be. Suddenly, I had a strong feeling that if I walked into the room next to where the fire was crackling and my hot dinner was waiting, I would find what I really wanted. That image, cut out from the newspaper, connected with meeting old Pete. In that other room, a baby was lying in a crib, cooing away—my son. Yes, my son. I felt a big emptiness inside me and was surprised at myself. I understood what was happening, oh brothers. I was growing up.

Yes, it was true. Youth must pass, ah yes. But youth is like being some sort of animal. No, it’s not just like being an animal; it’s more like one of those small toys you see sold on the streets—little figures made of tin with a spring inside and a winding handle. You wind it up, and it goes off, walking straight ahead, bumping into things. Being young is like being one of those little machines.

My son, my son. When I had my son, I would explain all this to him when he was old enough to understand. But I knew he probably wouldn’t want to understand and would do all the things I did—perhaps even harming some innocent person surrounded by meowing cats—and I wouldn’t be able to stop him. Nor would he be able to stop his own son, brothers. And so, it would continue, round and round, like some big, ancient figure, like old Bog Himself (thanks to Korova Milkbar), spinning in circles, a dirty orange in his huge hands.

But first, brothers, there was the matter of finding some girl who would be a mother to this son. I kept thinking I would have to start on that tomorrow. That was something new to do. That was a new chapter beginning.

Here’s what it’s going to be, brothers, as I come to the end of this story. You have been everywhere with your friend Alex, experiencing his struggles and witnessing some of the worst things ever created, all connected to your old friend Alex. And it was all because I was young. But now, as I conclude this tale, my brothers, I am no longer young. Alex is growing up, yes.

But where I am now, oh my brothers, is all on my own, where you cannot follow. Tomorrow is full of sweet flowers and the turning earth, the stars, and the old moon up there, with your old friend Alex out on his own looking for a partner. And it is all so real. A truly terrible world out there, my brothers. So farewell from your little friend. To everyone else in this story, I send waves of music. And they can kiss my troubles. But you, my brothers, remember sometimes your little Alex who once was. Amen. And that's all.

