S1E1: The Good, The Bad and The Panther

\*sara rosa julia\*

Larry, Bill and Paul
Kate, Julia, Tina, Rosa, Vici

It was March 13th, 2090. Another dead-silent night passed over an experimental, military-owned collective nurturing environment in the remote proximity of Tashkent, more commonly referred to as \*the lab\*. It consisted of many buildings, each serving as apartments for a single class of similarly-aged children and their assigned caretakers and jack-of-all-trades teacher. Each of them also included the classroom which also served as a detention room and a few other functions, the restrooms, the staff room, the everything - all packed into a single two-story building neatly. Each building, combined with the playground, the gym and everything else children needed outside after classes was referred to as a \*block\*, and each block was separated from others with roads, mimicking standard 4-lane roads from the cities in most aspects, except for being made out of painted concrete for durability and cost efficiency.

Hey, no snoring. Trying to establish the fucking setting here. Fine, here you go: the purpose of the lab was to nurture Starbloods into warriors, which were \*special\* bioengineered children who gained special powers throughout their life. The Starshards, which was what all children within the lab were formally and informally called, Starblood and otherwise, were also enabled and even pushed to fight eachother outside of classes, as long as they didn't kill anyone or cause any permanent damage, and blocks constantly went to wars against one another… What, am I going too fast now? Make up your mind already.

Fine, let's get to the point. This is the story about the most powerful Starblood in the lab, whose powers were absolutely devastating, who was feared by most and respected by the rest… Huh? Are you saying it would be boring if a character started at the height of their power and had no room for growth? I promise you, it's… You know what, fine. I'll give you a story about a Starblood with actual room for growth.

Adrian woke up in the morning, as he did every single day throughout his life. He didn't have much in life, but a tiny, yet fully functional room of his own was something he \*was\* entitled to, just like everyone in the lab. It had a bed, a table, a chair, shelves, a wardrobe and even a big window to allow the ruthless bright sun to wake him up early, since he couldn't afford the proper curtains. He was a white 10 year old boy of the most human-average face constitution, and his hair was black and medium-short. \*fix this description by writing it better, it sucks\* His arms were also quite muscular, which was unsurprisingly very common for Starshards, even for girls. He, along with many of his blockmates, learnt early on that being bruised by girls didn't hurt any less than being bruised by boys. By this point, it didn't hurt worse anymore, either.

Adrian put on his heat-protective cream, so as to not get fried by the scorching permasummer of the Uzbekistan region, and dressed up in a standard dark-green t-shirt and brown shorts, fit for both classroom and the school breaks. The shorts had a modest sheath attached for his wooden sword: martial artists were rare in the lab, and he wasn't one of them. He brushed his teeth, rinsed his mouth, and went to the kitchen to eat with 3 of his brothers: Larry, Bill and Paul. Biologically speaking, they weren't brothers at all, and they didn't interact much with him. For example, now they were laughing and talking about beating the shit out of someone and something involving Johnsons (Adrian didn't know a single Johnson). Still, they shared the apartment and caretakers with Adrian, and so by the local definition of a sibling, they counted as brothers.

After finishing his sweetened but otherwise perfectly plain cereal along with green tea, he left his apartment along with his brothers to move out to the classroom and take a seat on the front rows. There were supplies and equipment for all kinds of lessons and general entertainment in drawers, some extra empty space, the smartboard behind the teacher's desk - everything needed to get such a multi-purpose room to work, and it mostly \*did\* work.

The rest of his block was slowly assembling too: Nathan, a Starblood in a red t-shirt and the block leader, his obnoxious girlfriend Lisa, the creepy blonde girl that nobody dared approach in a light-blue white-dotted dress covered to the brim with pockets, the guy who tried to fight with a sword in his mouth like in some Chinese cartoon called Haizei Wang and failed miserably, all other classmates whose names Adrian didn't care to remember… and some new boy with long, black hair, who looked way too tall to be in this block, who sat right behind him. His face also stood out by being much rougher than normal, and he was wearing a black t-shirt with a flak vest drawn on it.

"Who do you think you are to take my seat? Get your own!" - Adrian heard some girl from his block scold the new guy. "Hey, hey, hey, if you really want the seat, you could've asked!" - he heard her taking a few steps backwards. "Jeez. It's like you transferred here from Apathy Creek, Weirdo Street." - she said angrily before being heard walking away. Adrian didn't care to look backwards to see what was going on and kept balancing a pen on his right thumb to pass the time. Given that phones didn't let you do anything other than open the learning material during classes, he had to take what he could get.

After the first class finally started, the teacher, Mr. Mothersword, which was clearly not his actual second name, raised his hand to shut the class up and began:

"Morning, children. Before we begin, I wanted to introduce you to a new student transferring to this block. Bezdon, can you please step forward and introduce yourself?" - he was a man in his 50's with short hair, glasses, a jacket which made him look like a middle school student who was overprepared for middle school by his momma, and a stinky breath he was really insecure and self-conscious about.

Bezdon stepped forward in front of everyone's view, followed by insincere and even sarcastic claps. Everyone looked bored, except the new kid, who kept staring somewhere in Adrian's direction with a slight smile. "Yo." - he said in a somewhat deep voice in a carefree tone. *bezdon's description is missing, maybe it's present later, in that case move it here*

"That's it?" - an awkward silence dawned before being interrupted by whispers from the back of the bus after the teacher's question. Adrian heard stories on LabSocial about how awful other teachers were, and Mr. Mothersword wasn't nearly as unnecessarily strict, abrasive or power-drunk as some others. Not that he was perfect, or well-liked. "That's okay. Kids, this is one of the lab's most powerful Starbloods. He's on track to become one of the Motherland's best defenders. I want you all to show him due respect." - Mr. Mothersword reaffirmed what Adrian was already 99% sure of. Changing your name from the one assigned at birth required an entire thousand tokens, the local currency of Starshards, and earning and not losing a sum this huge in the lab wasn't something Adrian thought was even possible.

The rest of the class audibly expressed their confusion at what the teacher said. "What?/Huh?/Why?" - several people asked. "We already have too much Starbloods! Some blocks don't even have a single one. Why us? We don't want another one!" - Larry voiced what everyone else was thinking. "He's gonna bully us all to death and ruin the streak! The streak, man!" - some other boy claimed for some reason.

The teacher raised his hand to shut everyone up again. "Now, now. Even though there were 3 Starbloods in this block before, one of you doesn't engage with the rest of the block, and one of you is, well, Adrian. So, we figured, why not put another, full-fledged Starblood into your ranks?" - he explained. He was right: of all the powers of ice, fire, hallucinogenesis and more, Adrian got the ability to detect nearby people in a pretty modest radius, and even then it didn't work on some people, mainly his parents. His step-parents told him that an emotionally rich, fulfilling or generally interesting life was essential for Starbloods discovering new abilities and ways to use them, but that didn't make any sense. Adrian may not have had any friends anymore, but he thought he lived a great life: playing really old games, since the new ones weren't great, doing above average at school, going into battles and fighting his neighbors with a wooden sword, and it was clearly all interesting and fulfilling. Still, the disappointment at his own lack of growth loomed over him, and this was just another reminder that he could've been something greater.

The class still didn't accept the new arrival, but the teacher shut down their complaints as always and everyone went back to studying as usual. It wasn't that uncommon for the lab staff to force weird, stupid decisions like that, and it was a well-known phenomenon, according to LabSocial. Some assumed it to be social experiments, some thought it was a form of keeping the Starshards in line, but largely, nobody cared. That said, there was the term "Starspeck" formally designated for non-Starbloods, but using it around a Starshard was about as safe as eating a hornet's nest, even when used with no negative connotations, as the mechanics of "meaning over diction" or reclamation weren't known to 99% of the lab. The adults eventually had to stop using it, and it was a rare case where the Starshards' will could override that of their masters.

As Adrian was solving a long and stupid equation with an answer of 2 minus square root of 2, he felt something slithering around his left leg and then choking it. Upon looking down, grunting from the pressure, it was the doing of a smooth pitch black tentacle. "Why do \*I\* have to win the lottery again? There's 24 other perfect targets in the block. And it's during class, no less." - Adrian thought, taking a deep exasperated breath. Now he knew who the new arrival was exactly, and yep, he was indeed one of the strongest Starbloods. Possibly the strongest, since Adrian has never seen him lose any duels he was streamed partaking in. Starbloods didn't always have the flashiest possible powers, and they were sometimes manifested in unusual ways, like Bezdon's powerful dark tentacles. Adrian decided to sit back with his arms crossed and wait out the pain. The grasp kept gradually getting stronger before a second tentacle joined in, doubling the pain further. He laid on his arms, hyperventilating from overwhelming pain. \*make sure this doesn't sound sexual\*

"Is there a problem?" - the teacher looked at him and asked.

"He's hurting my leg and not-" - Adrian began answering in a severely strained voice before the tentacles let go of the legs and left him in peace. "-letting me concentrate." - he finished in his normal voice and gasped for air. "He stopped now." - he gasped for air again.

"He is clearly busy with his assignment. How could he possibly be hurting you?" - Adrian turned around to verify, and yep, he was indeed pretending to be busy writing something. Mr. Mothersword turned his head sideways somewhere. "I can hear you, Lisa. You're being loud." - he noted loudly.

"There were black tentacles grasping my legs. I can't focus when I'm in this much pain. Can I \*please\* get a different seat?" - Adrian asked, frustrated.

"Get back to work. You're not weaseling your way out of it." - he turned back towards the smartboard, where students were periodically called in to solve equations in order of when they were given in the digital textbooks, leaving Adrian's legs to be grabbed by Bezdon's tentacles not even a second after. It only took one \*honest\* mistake from 1.5 years ago, and from then on his worst intentions were always assumed and he could barely ever expect help from his teacher. "Victoria, could you explain what you're doing to the class, instead of just writing out the correct solution silently?" - Mr. Mothersword received no answer. "Hello? Like talking to a brick wall."

The tentacles continued harassing him throughout the class. Just when Adrian thought it was over, they began poking his legs instead. Sitting cross-legged on the chair without leaving the legs hanging made things even worse, as Bezdon just began poking his torso instead. Even though torsos were apparently more resilient than legs, the pain wasn't any less uncomfortable.

After the class was finally over, Adrian wasn't even done with a third of what he needed to do in class, meaning he had to do homework to make up for this. Homework in the lab was very scarce and situational, and having to do \*any at all\* always hurt. For school breaks, the children were always let outside and allowed to do whatever the 15 minutes they were given and the loose rules of the lab allowed. The surroundings of every block were outfitted with basic, difficult-to-damage gym and general practice equipment, magnetic lockers to store anything you needed, a playing field designed for various sports, the restroom, the sizable private room you could rent for tokens - everything needed to preoccupy the children on top of LabNet.

Instead of his usual exercise routine Adrian always did during the first break, he decided to go for a jog around the lab to give himself some rest from any potential bullying, which worked well for about 30 seconds before the numerous tentacles engulfed his body in full, lifted him up in the air and began choking him. Adrian was periodically given breathing windows, and he wasn't in danger of suffocating to death, but the windows were infrequent and insufficient, and the whole experience was still extremely painful.

"Please… Stop… Why…" - Adrian muttered. There was no response. "I have… tokens…" - the words fell on deaf ears. "Please… I

I'll take credit… If you stop…" - nothing happened, except for Adrian's energy being further exhausted by talking.

Over the course of the break, he heard noises of people gathering around the scene to observe and discuss the occurrence. Most were amused, the rest - shocked, not that Adrian could see anything other than the cloudy sky of his glorious homeland. Nobody tried to intervene - it wouldn't have ended well. When the loudspeakers invited the whole lab back to their classes, Adrian was quickly dropped face-upwards onto the ground from a small height, as if the last hour wasn't enough. He didn't have the energy to get up, but he could see Bezdon and his tentacles in full form for the first time as he was being rotated. He had 8 of them coming out from the top of his back, and as he was walking away along with everyone else, Adrian could see how they retracted back into his torso into 2 holes to the side of his spine. He had manually cut hatches for each tentacles' hole to streamline retracting into, similar to the flaps in assless chaps. The lower back had a highly detailed skull and bones symbol on them, taped in slightly off-center by accident.

Adrian hyperventilated for a while to collect the strength to get up and go to class, but his body refused to even roll around to the other side, let alone get up properly, and so he continued laying down, staring into the clouds. He was happy to feel tears pouring out of himself, but the pain was still too much. To compensate for the volume of school being unintrusive, the consequences for trying to skip classes were the opposite, but at this point he was all out of gas. He was no stranger to bruises, knockouts, even beatdowns, which were even enjoyable sometimes, but this was way too much, and the worst part is, Adrian had no idea what did he do to deserve this. It looked like paid revenge, but what would that vengeance be for? When his blockmates asked him to help, he did so, little questions asked. He didn't beef with any other Starbloods. He contributed in battle plenty enough, and wasn't successful enough as a soldier that he gained any fame or infamy for it, either. The adults always made it clear \*they\* were responsible for punishing you and never used agent Starshards to enforce the order of the lab, with the word "order" being used loosely. So again, who?

After a few minutes, he saw his parents arrive

\*blah blah they give him some meds and get him back to class into a different seat, and they also fine him\*

The next class was about history. It was one of his least least favorite subjects (the double negative is intentional!), especially considering this particular lesson was about the Cold War, a fascinating 40-year period of the post-industrial era, and not "the history of how Ancient Egyptians invented clay". The entire world nearly being "fried by the cascade of gamma-rays" in the Cuban Missile Crisis was made even more fascinating to Adrian by the fact that neither Cuba nor America existed as countries in any form anymore, and that the USSR was ideologically reimagined twice since then.

He has successfully made it through the class without any other issues on top of being physically exhausted and mentally numbed and went outside. He knew what was happening earlier was only the beginning: he needed to endure more of that painful strangulation until Bezdon got bored, which could take anywhere from 10 more minutes to 10 more days, or could never even end at all. There was nothing left to do but to sit against a wall and mentally prepare for what's to come. Except when Adrian began approaching a spot where he wouldn't get scorched by the hellish Middle Asian sun, he heard Nathan tell Bezdon some distance away:

"Hey, new guy! You must think you're real tough." - he walked up in front of Bezdon and began staring at him. Despite being a functional Starblood, he still had a sheath with a wooden sword attached to his belt.

"Continue." - Bezdon grinned at him, not showing any signs of feeling threatened. Right after exiting the block building, he unsheathed his tentacles and began holding them to the side of his body like a pair of demonic wings, except the tentacles were pointing at Nathan. They made the size difference between the two feel even more exaggerated.

"What, you're new in the lab in general, or something? You don't see what I'm getting at?" - Nathan continued while a couple other blockmates of theirs noticed and started observing the exchange. Adrian also observed it, standing from a distance and covering his eyes with a hand.

"Pardon me, bro, I've got more brawn than brains, unfortunately. Could you spell it outloud for me, please?" - Bezdon requested in a carefree tone. He did his best to hide a smile.

"I am inviting you into a duel, for fuck's sake!"

"Oh, a duel, heard of those, sounds fun. Let's do this, noble Starblood. May our battle be legendary!" - and then Bezdon made an energized fist. Everyone, not just Starbloods, loved to have cool speeches and stances to present to their opponents, but \*nobody\* made them this awkward and uninspired. It's like he actually was new in the lab: it was theoretically impossible to leave or enter the lab, but adults worked in truly mysterious ways, so who knows. "Need any prep time or wanna get to it?"

"I meant after school, with proper bets and audience and everything-"

"Are you scared of a little battle? Need half a day to prepare? Thought you were the proud block commander and not a cowardly wuss." - Bezdon taunted Nathan in a passive-aggressive tone.

"You're on, I'll make you eat those words!"

"That's the spirit! Come around the corner to the right so we don't get fried by the sun in 5 minutes and show me a good time." - Bezdon said gleefully and began walking away. He then coughed twice. "A good fight, I mean." - he said in a more neutral tone. As he walked by Adrian, he feinted a thrust at him from a different angle with each of the tentacles on his right side and walked away, still the same huge grin on his face. Adrian stepped back and made a motion to block the would-be attacks with his right arm, then realized he was just being tormented and not actually attacked.

It seemed like there was a chance that Adrian wouldn't need to endure him any longer. Or that he'd get some breathing room for one school break. He relocated near a different wall to prepare to watch the fight when it finally happened and sat on the bench to watch the show. He knew the challenge wasn't about retribution or protection, since Adrian was mugged before by groups from other blocks and Nathan did nothing. It was more of a standard, melodramatic dick-measuring contest some Starbloods engaged in from time to time. They were fun to watch, and were one of the lab's favorite sources of entertainment, and this was one time Adrian got to visit one of those in person and not on a livestream.

After only around 3 minutes of sitting on a bench by the road and watching Bezdon stand on a white line of said road and browsing something in his phone, Nathan finally arrived at the scene, 1.5 adult alligators (5.25m) away from the opponent, plastic full helm on his head. Starblood or not, protecting your weak points wasn't something Starshards tended to ignore. By this point more than half the block had gathered around to watch, some with phones out to capture the footage, some to hang out on social media in general.

"I knew you didn't \*really\* need much time to prepare. A real Starblood could go to war anywhere, at any time, in underwear if they so please." - Bezdon spoke with the same glee as earlier, still doing something on his phone, or at least pretending. Starbloods weren't usually this calm about dueling, although the giant 4 pairs of tentacles to the sides of his body might have been a good justification for the exception.

"Shut up and put away the phone before I kick your ass." - Nathan assumed a combat stance with slightly bent knees and readied 2 small fireballs in each hand in front of his chest. It was customary for Starbloods to name their abilities, and Nathan's was named Scorching Infernal Fireball. 

Bezdon turned off his phone's screen and began rapidly, unevenly tapping against it with his thumbs. Yes, in that order. "Wait, hold up a second, need to finish something…"

After waiting for 15 seconds with an increasingly bored and frustrated face, Nathan finally couldn't wait any longer and threw the Scorching Infernal Fireballs he's been holding at the opponent in an arc, which expanded in radius by 2 times by this point, and Bezdon finally pretended to press the button to turn off the screen and put the phone away. At the same time, instead of dodging the fireballs or doing any other reasonable move, he poked each of them with one of his tentacles like balloons, reducing them into disproportionately small amounts of smoke, cinder and sparks flying sideways. These fireballs didn't look like much now, but they could inflict some pretty painful burns if they landed on someone's skin or clothes. 
Nathan began launching more of them with faster velocity, but they popped just like the rest. After watching everything with a blank expression for a bit, Bezdon rolled his eyes, made a performative yawn and pulled out his phone to pretend to type something again, which caused Nathan to hurl fireballs at higher fire rate. 
"Ah, thank god for my Inner Child. It's always everyone bothering me at the start of battles, why couldn't they just send me all these messages after them?" - Bezdon said with a smile ruining the line's initially apparent sincerity. And that's when Adrian recognized who Bezdon was: he shared a handle with the name of his Starblood power which he just dropped. Oh boy. 
The fireballs soon got way too small to pop, but Bezdon adapted by blocking them with the sides of his tentacles instead of popping them with the tips. At one point he even let one pass through to catch it with his left palm and licked off the cinder. Adrian couldn't tell if it hurt him at all.

Finally, realizing Bezdon was perfectly defended against the fireballs, Nathan pulled out his sword and charged at him in a well-practiced zigzag line. Bezdon pretended not to react, and when his opponent finally came close, he smacked Nathan with 2 of his right tentacles in the right shoulder, instantly knocking him to the ground to fall on his other shoulder. Some Starshards in the small crowd surrounding the battle cheered, mainly girls and troopers from the neighboring blocks. As he was recovering from the fall, Bezdon used all 8 of his tentacles to grab Nathan and lift him up in the air, leaving only the legs and head with the helm exposed, similar to how Adrian was grabbed earlier. Bezdon's slowly expanding shit-eating grin changed to a loud, maniacal cackle. "Oh, you really thought you had a chance! 'Ima eat those words', so how'd you like em? Did they pierce your soul with despair and hopelessness and fill you with rage at your own incompetence?" - he jeered euphorically, savouring the moment. 
"The Cube of Redundancy strikes again." - someone commented from the spectators, mocking the amazing super duper cool name of the power that Nathan was proud of and refused to ditch. 
"You know, you could've had a nice and peaceful day of punching pillows or dueling wet napkins, and I could've been minding \*my\* own business, but your foolhardiness was never gonna allow any of that!" - Bezdon cackled more and started walking around the scene aimlessly as everyone watched in silence.

"In retrospect, this couldn't have ended any other way. I guess I was hoping for a miracle..." - Adrian thought. This was also the first time he's seen a Starblood go through such extreme lengths to humiliate an opponent.

"Come on, keep trying to break free from the tenties. You can do it! I believe in you, man! \*Boy\*, I fought some pitifully weak Starbloods before, but ho-ho, you're actually pathetic. I knew you couldn't have been as good as a certain other Starblood in your block, but you haven't met even my lowest expectations! How did your block not overthrow you in all this time? There's some 8 year olds right down the road you can practice on, if-" - a girl from Adrian's block walked behind Bezdon and shot him in the back of the head from half an alligator (3.5m) away 3 times with a pneumatic pistol. She held it entirely in her right hand, since pneumatic pistols didn't have much in terms of recoil. Adrian didn't even know Starshards could get one of those.

Bezdon fell on the ground, his fall cushioned by the tentacles holding Nathan. Several people gasped and watched in shock. "Ah! Aaaaaaah-ow…" - he said as he fell on the ground. The tentacles retracted back into Bezdon's body on their own after another couple of seconds, and both duelists ended up lying on the ground, one grunting from pain, the other completely silent, lying face downwards. The girl then held the pistol upwards and blew off the smoke. There was no smoke.

"That escalated quickly." - Adrian commented outloud in moderate shock, even if his voice didn't reflect it. All of this was completely unprecedented.

She was wearing a white buttoned shirt with a faint light-blue grid and a reddish-brown rhombus-shaped cloth sewn to the top, visually resembling a small poncho, half-length jeans, a light-brown plastic helmet with a brim like on a cowboy hat and an open front despite the sides and back covered all the way down to the neck, and a determined frown. Her black hair was faintly visible above the forehead. The cloth went against the whole point of a buttoned shirt, but one button above the cloth remained so as to not kill the practicality with fashion completely. "Maybe \*you\* can practice on 8 year olds. With not being a sick, sadistic fuck! You come to a block of 10 year olds despite nearly being old enough to join the frontlines, abuse your powers, who the fuck do you think you are?" - she asked angrily. The "old enough to join the frontlines" was a hyperbole: Bezdon didn't look even remotely close to being 16.

"Kate, I think he's dead." - some other girl in the crowd said.

"What? Oh, fuck!" - Kate stepped back and covered her mouth with the left hand and lifted her right hand down. "Can someone check his heartbeat or something? In case he's playing dead." - she said quickly and anxiously.

Nobody moved or said anything until Nathan finally got up and joined the spectators. "Thanks." - he said as he walked away.

"Do me a favor and don't feel entitled to me saving your face next time." - Kate requested with mild disdain, fear or anxiety still seeping through her words, it wasn't clear what exactly. Might have been both.

People started slowly going back to their usual activities one by one. After another tense couple of seconds, she stepped forward to check on Bezdon at the same time as Adrian, pistol aimed at Bezdon. "I got this, I'm ready for the next round if it's coming." - he said.

"You're crazy. Stand aside, you've been through enough today." - Kate reached Bezdon first, crouched and flipped him around, still aiming at him with the pistol, all the while Adrian was standing and watching it in suspense.

"I think that's pot to the kettle. Said pot to the- whatever, you get me." - he replied awkwardly, almost completely ruining any chances of his sentence being comprehensible. Some quiet conversation or conversations in the crowd were overheard.

As Kate checked Bezdon, his eyes were closed and he showed no emotion. She then put her left index finger near his nose, stood back up and made some distance again. "Thank fuck. He's just unconscious. Oh man." - she said with huge relief.

"Thanks for doing this. Why did you even shoot him? Now he's gonna be after you too." - Adrian asked. Cheating and intervention like that in Starblood duels was extremely rare, as the consequences were always cataclysmic for everyone involved.

"I can handle the consequences of my actions, don't you worry, uhh, what's your name?" - Kate said with determination as she put away her pistol into her right pocket.

"Adrian."

"Yea, Adrian, I am no Starblood, but I can stand up for myself better than you think."

"What she's trying to say is, she thinks that her ideological purity and a mini-crossbow that shoots rubber bolts make her a divine guardian angel." - the same spectator girl from earlier elaborated sarcastically.

"Jules, I'd slap you in the face right now if we weren't busy. Anyway, let's call the adults before the next class starts." - the discrepancy between Kate's tone and wording in that comment made Adrian spend 20 minutes thinking about it before giving up on trying to understand, assuming it's a girl thing beyond his comprehension.

After the break was over and Bezdon was carried by adults to the room of the block's doctor, the next class started. It proceeded in peace as usual, with nobody bothering Adrian as he sketched a sloppy black-and-white drawing of a western gunslinger facing forward left and being in a standoff with a black void with tentacles and a single vertical eye in the middle. He then drew more tentacles, grasping the cowboy by his torso and legs, and made his visible eye fully black. Drawing was one of Adrian's main ways of dragging time during boring classes like literature, although the results didn't usually end up this cursed. Unfortunately, the teacher didn't allow him to do homework for other subjects during unrelated classes, which would've been really nice.

After the class was over, he heard Dr. Brone come over to Kate and ask her to come with him along with Mr. Mothersword. Adrian, along with a few other children including Nathan, followed into his office even though none of them were invited. It was a huge white, sterile room split into 2 parts, the office with a desk and shelves filled with various supplies, mainly for treating bruises and other minor combat injuries, and a room with 4 hospital beds for Starshards who \*really\* got into trouble. It saw plenty of use due to the nature of the lab, and it was common sense to stay in the doctor's good graces. In the second sub-room, one of the beds was occupied by unconscious Bezdon. Upon their arrival, their teacher began:

"What happened? Why didn't he come back to class?" - he sounded more frustrated than worried.

"I am afraid he won't be back for a while. Along with both of us and the entire block, I reckon, after the guys upstairs are done with us. He's comatose." - the doctor explained, sounding like he was going through the second stage of grief. The 2 nurses which assisted him were nowhere to be found.

"What?" - Kate asked loudly with shock, covering her mouth. Without the helmet, her medium-length black hair with a ponytail behind the head was visible: another reminder in Adrian's life to not judge a book by its cover. Everyone else was also shocked from the revalation.

"It's unlikely to be anything else. Even adults aren't made to sustain that much blunt trauma in that part of the head, let alone a child."

"You've done fucked up, sis, I'm afraid. I really hope you don't go into the slammer.." - some other girl in the group said.

"Language. Kate, I sure hope you have an explanation for putting one of the lab's most successful Starbloods into a coma. Maybe then when the military whoops our buttocks, they'll go \*slightly\* easier on us." - Mr. Mothersword said stressfully.

"I didn't mean to put him into a coma, he'll hold a grudge on me for the rest of my life! I'm not stupid, I meant to just knock him out and use my ways of dealing with shitheads to stop fucking with our block." - Kate's tone shifted from shocked and defensive to just tense and offensive. "Speaking of, here's a reason number 2, he was an asshole. And he was also not wearing a helmet like normal people do in battle."

A few other Starshards nodded. "Not wrong." - Nathan approved. In a different context, that point would have been considered victim blaming, but different contexts also don't have children becoming victims to physical trauma for dinner.

"For everyone's sake, I sure fucking hope our bosses will see it that way too." - Dr. Brone reassured.

"Vlad, watch it." - Mr. Mothersword said in a neutral tone.

"Oh, get off your high horse, Lexy. These aren't your standard kids, you saw how many bone fractures were recorded in the last year alone. What, you think they're like 19th century aristocrats at a ball when we're not looking?" - the block's doctor was sometimes an impatient, brash and brutally honest person. Still, he stood up for the children he helped, occasionally gave useful biology-adjacent defensive advice and never treated anyone with injustice, and for that nobody among his common visitors hated him.

Bezdon was carried out of the block somewhere during the next lesson, and the rest of the day passed without issue. Every single weekday consisted of 5 lessons for Adrian's block, plus an extra one for those who didn't abhor school or wanted to earn some extra tokens. In turn for a small amount of classes and little to no homework, Starshards had no summer vacations or holidays apart from public ones everyone celebrated. Older blocks got slightly more classes, younger ones got slightly less, but the system was pretty consistent across the entire lab. It was meant to fully provide the Stardshards with necessary education while still allowing them plenty of mental energy for brutally swinging wooden swords at one another, and while there were plenty of dysfunctional aspects about the lab, this wasn't one of them. That said, the children weren't allowed to stay in their apartments until 18:00 except for food time, regardless of the day of the week. It was fine to go in and get something, but not to stay. It was still a very intrusive way to force Starshards out of gaming their free time away like normal kids did, but everyone mostly accepted it as a necessary sacrifice by now.

On the first school break of following day, Adrian wanted to approach Kate and ask if there were any news, but she was too busy playing competitive card games against her friends, holding a black +4, yellow 6, blue 5, 2 red 3's and another black +4 in her hand, the hidden part facing the table. It would have been too awkward to approach them, so Adrian didn't. The next break, however, when he went back to his daily routine of looking for early 21st century mobile games to play on a bench in the shadows (because the recent ones felt even more soulless), Kate approached him herself and sat down to the left of him. "Hey. How ya feeling after yesterday?" - she didn't have her helmet hat on. Most Starshards only put on helmets before combat due to them generally being uncomfortable, with only occasional exceptions.

Adrian looked at her with surprise. "Oh, hi. I'm fine. It wasn't \*that\* bad." - he then looked back at his phone, even though he stopped actually touching the screen to focus on the conversation.

"I'm not here to jeer at you or exploit your vulnerabilities, it's okay! Come on, be honest with yourself at least. I don't bite." - Kate gave Adrian's shoulder a not-so-gentle push with her fist.

"Well, my pride \*was\* hurt. I didn't think it could be hurt further, but here I am."

"There you go. See, nothing bad happened!" - Kate noted. Not only was she wrong in her read on Adrian, but he also intentionally omitted to still being a little sore.

Adrian put his phone into sleep mode, put it away and laid back and looked further away. "I actually wanted to ask earlier today, what's the news about Bezdon? And jail and stuff?"

"He should be fine after a while. I also asked my dad if I'll be going in the pen, and the adults apparently liked my reasoning in the reports, so no slammer for me, so we had nothing to worry about." - Kate began spinning a large green triangle ruler around her left index finger. "Why are you looking in the other direction? Embarrassed of a girl saving you from trouble?" - she asked with playfulness.

"No, no, I just…" - he turned around to look Kate in the eyes, then switched to looking at nothing only a few seconds later because it was horribly awkward.

Kate chuckled and gave Adrian's shoulder another fist push. "What, scared of girls in general and worried I'd eat your heart?" - she switched tone to a more calm and neutral one abruptly. "You can look wherever you want. I am not demanding you to stare me in the eye."

Adrian nodded gratefully and began staring at empty benches against the wall of the opposite block instead. "It's not just girls, it's because whenever someone approaches me, they always want something from me and don't ask me how I feel or anything." - he explained with mild tension in his voice, and no, it was partially girls.

"Oh, is that an introvert thing? Yea, people can be really selfish and apathetic assholes sometimes. At least \*you\* don't seem like one."

"Thanks?" - Adrian wasn't sure a thanks was appropriate here. "Anyway, what's the deal with the eating my heart, is that a metaphor for something?" - he was still a bit stressed by the unfamiliarity of his circumstances.

"I don't know. Just trying to guess what you boys think of us. Badly, apparently." - Kate chuckled and slapped her right hand on Adrian's shoulder.

"Doubt I could give you any hints on that one. Mainly because I also don't know what boys think of you." - Adrian smiled, ignoring the pain of the slap. "All I know is, you guys participate in battles less often, you tend to have different personalities and behaviors and that's the end of my girlopedia."

"Girlopedia, excellent word choice." - Kate's thought to comment on the accuracy of his observations was lost in the conversation.

"What is it with the pushing, by the way? Is it girlish code for something?" - Adrian started alternating between looking at Kate and at the block opposite of them, looking at each for 10-20 seconds.

"I don't know, man, just thought it was boyish code for affection." - Kate switched to a macho voice, frowned in a masculine way and made a gesture of riding a motorcycle with her arms. "Tough love, brother." - she then broke into laughter, which immediately spread onto Adrian in lower potency. \*verify language\* "Did I guess it right or am I doing a misandrist equivalent of the watermelon thing?" - she asked in a joyful but otherwise normal tone. "The watermelon thing" was meant to reference the notorious "black people go crazy for watermelons" stereotype taught by adults to explain mechanics of prejudice.

"I don't know, man. I almost know less than you. I don't even know who's Miss Andrei." - he answered in a moderately joyful accent, entertained by the conversation. Kate laughed for a little while. "I don't know if you know, but I am pretty much a generic goon. I've never met a Starblood more useless than me. You're the opposite, you're not even Starblood, yet you have the kind of control over your life I could only dream of, and you're great to talk to."

"Thanks! Still, if I could become something in life, so can you. It's not easy, but not much in life is." - Kate put her right hand on Adrian's shoulder, gently this time. "How do you feel about spending some time with a heart eater? My homie squadron has had a stick up their asses lately."

"Hell yea, let's do it! Don't remember last time I got \*that\* offer. What's up with the homies?"

"I don't know, actually. Maybe it's nothing. Just needed an excuse for a change of scenery."

After the loudspeakers invited everyone back inside for classes again, Adrian asked Kate as they walked there together:

"You know, do you know why did Bezdon target me the way he did, without saying a word?"

"Because he's a sadistic shitface, what else? People like that just exist, our environment reinforces this mindset and lets them thrive." - Kate explained.

"It's still weird. Do you think he has any friends which could avenge him?"

"I've got a few friends who can avenge his vengeance too. The one on my belt and the one beside me." - she said proudly and poked Adrian's arm. The first "friend" she referred to was her pistol, in case the shock from this insane setting hasn't settled in for you yet.

Nobody ever came to avenge Bezdon.